oops-sorry-dean-flashes-wife-1

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/oops-sorry-dean-flashes-wife-1

Dean manipulates his wife for her to unknowingly flash his friends her naked body.
"Thanks for coming," said Dean standing at the front door as his three friends left his house. "Bye. Drive safe. I'll see you all at work tomorrow," he said waving while talking louder than necessary to make sure that his wife, Kim, knew that his friends were finally leaving.
Only, as part of their prearranged, sinister and sexy plan, instead of getting in their cars and driving away, the three men, Bob, Jim, and Michael, quietly and quickly walked down the driveway to the backyard. As if they were second story burglars hiding in the dark shadows of the night, they silently crept up the steps and all stood on Dean's back deck in the dark while waiting for Kim's sexy, striptease show. Ever so quietly, not talking and trying not to make a sound that would alert Kim that they were there waiting to watch her undress, they made themselves comfortable in readiness for her striptease show. The three men moved their chairs in a tight semi-circle in front of the deck door to sit silently in the dark while waiting for Kim, Dean's shapely wife, to make her sexy appearance.
Already planned in advance by her husband, this wasn't Kim's idea to show her naked body to her husband's friends. Oh, no. Not by a longshot. Truth be told, thinking that they had already left for home, she didn't even know that his three friends were out on their back deck sitting in the dark while waiting to watch her undress. If she knew her husband had arranged this little X-rated, striptease show, she'd be pissed.
Having always wanted to show Kim's naked body to his friends, this was Dean's idea to show his friends his wife naked. He's the one who approached his friends with the idea of peeping on his wife while she was undressing and stripping herself naked in readiness for bed. Just as much as his friends would, no doubt, become sexually excited watching Kim strip naked, Dean knew that he'd become sexually aroused watching his friends watching his wife undress.
He's the one who wanted them all to see Kim naked. He's the one who got off on exposing his wife to men, especially when she didn't know she was being so nakedly exposed. Naked, naked, naked, Dean was so very excited to finally show his friends his naked wife. Naked, naked, naked, without her knowing that his friends were all there waiting to see her naked, Kim was about to strip herself naked.
* * * * *
"It's late, well past midnight and I'm tired," said Kim looking at her watch and yawning. "Now that your friends are finally gone," she said looking at her husband and giving him a sexy look. "I'm going to go up and get ready for bed," she said with an inebriated little hiccup and a loud yawn after picking up the kitchen, recycled empty beer bottles, and tossed out the remaining stale chips and pretzels.
"Good night honey," said Dean getting up from his easy chair in the living room to give his wife a smooch on the lips while grabbing a handful of one of her big tits.
Feeling her quiver, he fingered her nipple through her blouse and bra. When he touched her in that sexual way, she looked up at him and gave him the eye. Encouraged by her sexy look, when she didn't swat her hand away to declare that she had a headache, he reached around behind her to grope and squeeze her shapely ass, a move that always culminated with him reaching around the front of her to slide a practiced hand between up her short skirt and in between her legs. He cupped her pussy through her panty before moving a slow, firm, and experienced finger along her pussy slit. Releasing her as if promising to have sex with her later, he always touched her, felt her, and groped her as if he owned her sweet ass and as far as he was concerned, he did.
Definitely Kim was stacked. Yet, when most men would be enamored with her beautiful breasts, if Dean had one favorite body part of her to pick, it was his wife's ass. There was just something so erotic to walk behind her while staring at her sexy ass while knowing that his wife belonged to him. Proud of the way that she looked, moved, and carried herself, he loved it when she shook her tight, little, shapely ass as if it was powered by a hidden battery. As if she was dancing to music instead of walking while shopping, so full of herself and with her no doubt thinking that she's all that and a bag of chips, he loved how she could shake that thing when she was walking through the mall.
"Aren't you coming to bed?" Giving him that sexy look again that told him that she wanted to suck him before he fucked out her brains, she yawned again while turning to look at him.
No mistaking her meaning, she gave him that come hither look that told him that she was horny, ready, and willing to have sex. Sex, sex, sex, obviously, in the way she looked at him and in the way that she asked him if he was coming to bed, she wanted him to come to bed. Difficult to misjudge her intent, she gave him that sexy look that told him that she wanted sex. The same look that she gave him more than ten years ago when they first met at a concert, she gave him that look that told him that she wanted to suck and fuck. After spending the night teasing his friends with sexy up skirts peeks and forbidden down blouse views that were obviously coerced and encouraged by her husband, no doubt she was ready for love. Only, not ready to come to bed and forsaking Kim for something more sexually exciting than being in bed naked with her, Dean had a different plans. Unbeknownst to Kim, he had another agenda.
* * * * *
He gave his wife the same look of sexual anticipation that he gives her when he's about to expose her to passersby at the mall, to unsuspecting men at the park, on the beach, at the movies, and/or to truckers and tollbooth attendants on the road. Quickly looking away from her, he didn't want her to recognize his look. He didn't want her to suspect what he had planned for the voyeuristic pleasure of his friends upstairs in their bedroom. With her already telling him that she didn't want him to expose her naked body to his horny friends, he knew that he'd be walking on thin ice if she was to discover that he was planning to do just that now.
Keeping this flash of her naked body a secret and to himself, fearing that she wouldn't go through with it, he didn't want her to know that he was up to no good. He didn't want her to know that he was about to flash her naked body to his friends. With boundless opportunities to flash Kim's body readily available, the world was his oyster in his endless exhibitionism and voyeurism of his sexy wife. Having routinely flashed her lingerie clad body hundreds of times, and occasionally flashing her topless body too, and with her so steadfastly against it, this is the first time that he'd be flashing his wife naked. Naked, naked, naked, he couldn't wait for his friends to see Kim naked. Naked, naked, naked, he couldn't wait to see the lustful reactions on his friends faces when seeing Kim naked.
"You go ahead Kim. I'm not sleepy yet. I'm going to watch some TV," said Dean turning on the TV but muting the sound while listening for his wife to leave. Not wanting to look at her, unable to contain his sexual excitement, he didn't want to make her suspicious of his secret intentions. As if she could read his mind, and most times she could, she always knew when he was about to do something diabolical and something that included her flashing someone. "I'll be up in a little while. I want to get the highlights of the games that I missed."
Yet, in the way that he was proud enough of his wife's body to flash her to other men, what man would allow a woman as beautiful and as sexy as she obviously was to go to bed alone? What man would allow his beautiful, sexy wife to go to bed without a man there to warm her and pleasure her, especially when she gave him the eye, especially when he knew she was horny, and especially when he knew she wanted sex? The answer to those questions was a man who was more interested in flashing her naked body than he was in having sex with her naked body.
Especially when she's had a little too much to drink, and especially after she gave him that sexy, come hither look, he knew that she not only wanted sex but was expecting sex as her reward for obediently flashing his friends her underwear all night. For sure, able to hump her mouth before pounding her pussy, this is his golden opportunity to get all the sex that he wanted from her. Only, he'd have to go upstairs with her now and abandon his friends on the back deck waiting for her to strip naked. For the sake of his friends seeing her naked, no man in his right mind would ever turn her down for sex but he just did.
Yet, having been there and done that, seemingly bored with having sex with Kim, unimaginable by anyone who has never experienced Kim's naked body in bed, he wanted something different. He wanted something more than just the same old, same old. As his way to ease her into participating in the swinging lifestyle, he wanted to flash her naked body to his three, best friends. Not only did he want his wife to have sex with his friends but also he wanted his wife to have sex with a multitude of men. Men, men, men, he wanted to watch his wife having sex with men.
What he wants from her is not active sex but passive sex in her unwittingly showing his friends her naked body. What he wants from her is for her to satisfy his sexual fetish for exhibitionism and voyeurism when showing her body to other men. What he wants is to watch her having sex with other men.
Most times when flashing her body to men, they flash unsuspecting men. It's the stares, the leers, and the total look of shocked surprise that gets his motor running. Most times, he flashes his wife while making it appear accidental. Most times, his wife not only knows that he's flashing her but has agreed, albeit reluctantly, in advance to him flashing her. Tonight, her flashing herself naked was planned in advance and the men being flashed were expecting to see Kim naked. Naked, naked, naked, he couldn't wait for his three horny friends to see his sexy wife naked.
"Okay, suit yourself. Only, turn down the heat and take the dog out to pee before coming up to bed," she said. "Good night."
"Good night sweetheart. Sweet dreams," he said.
* * * * *
Quietly and sneakily, he stepped out of the living room and peeked around the corner to watch his wife walk up the stairs. He loved watching her behind from behind. As if she was an Olympic gymnast, a champion ice skater, and/or a competitive swimmer, and she once was all of those, she had such a sweet ass. If she was to rate her ass on a scale of ten, her ass was a ten and the rest of her wasn't so bad either.
As if she was the Girl from Ipanema, she walked as if she was dancing a slow Samba. As if she was his beautiful angel ascending the steps to Heaven, he watched his shapely wife slowly walk upstairs to their bedroom. As if she was ascending the Mayan steps to be sacrificed on the altar for the God of Mercy to save their city and their people, she was so very special.
Boom, chicka boom, chicka boom, boom, boom, she walked with as if there was a sound machined imbedded in her ass. He never tired of staring at her round, firm ass even after being married to her for ten years. As if being mesmerized by the rolling waves of the ocean, while staring at her rolling buttocks, he loved staring at her shapely ass moving from one side to the other side as she climbed the stairs. In the sexy way that she looked and the sensual way she moved, a woman who had breasts large enough and cleavage long enough, she could do a bra commercial. With her height and long lines, she could work as a fit, swimsuit, or lingerie model, instead she was his wife. The only thing missing from her was her official designation of being a MILF were her Victoria Secret's wings. Yet, it was her shapely, sexy ass that he was more attracted to than her breasts.
With her having had one too much to drink, and with him encouraging her to drink more so that she wouldn't notice anything awry or suspicious up in their bedroom, he watched her holding on to the stairway rail while slowly walking upstairs. As soon as she made her way to the second floor landing, he listened for her to go in the bathroom to take off her makeup. No doubt, knowing how she felt about her good looks, especially her pretty face, she'd be more pissed that his friends would see her without her makeup than seeing her without her clothes. No doubt, if he went up there now, so ready and so willing, she'd give him hot sex, more than he could handle.
Yet, too private and too personal, he didn't want his friends seeing him naked in the way that he wanted his friends to see his wife naked. Moreover, if he was in bed having sex with his wife, he'd have to extinguish the lights and chances are, once her eyes grew accustomed to the dark, she may be able to see his friends sitting outside on their back deck. Moreover, his friends wouldn't be able to see his naked wife as well in the dark as they could with the bedroom light illuminating her beautiful body. Besides not wanting to prolong them being out on the back deck, being that his friends were all a little drunk, they'd make a noise that she'd no doubt hear. Further and an odd thing for a man to want when he has a hot wife like her, but he'd rather be sitting out there with his friends than being in his bedroom with his naked wife. Oddly and surprisingly enough, he'd rather be there with them to see the reaction his friends had to seeing Kim naked than being there in bed and having sex with her.
Yet, another man would rather be in bed with his wife, especially when their wife is a woman like her, than to be out on the deck with inebriated men. Moreover, another man would never disrespect his wife by allowing his friends to see his women naked. Furthermore, another man would protect his wife from the lustful perversions, degenerate leers, and depraved stares of men who just want her for sex, as he once did. Being that he was married to her, another man would appreciate what he has than risking losing his wife by flashing her naked body against her knowledge and against her will to his friends for the selfish, sexual pleasure of himself. With him taking advantage of his naked wife by flashing her, embarrassing her, and humiliating her, a divorce attorney would be chomping at the bit to bring this case to divorce court.
* * * * *
As soon as he heard the bathroom door close, eager to get the party started, he turned down the heat and took the dog out front to pee instead of out back. He let the dog back inside before the dog could smell his friends sitting up on the back deck behind the house. Then, once the dog was in bed, he went out to the kitchen to grab some beers from the refrigerator and to meet his friends sitting on the back deck in readiness for Kim's sexy, albeit impromptu, surprise, striptease show.
"She's in the bathroom now taking off her makeup," said Dean. "I can't wait until you guys see Kim naked."
"I can't wait to see Kim naked," said Bob.
"Me too," said Jim.
"I'll be masturbating tonight over all that she's showing and all that I'll be seeing," said Michael with a dirty laugh.
"Okay, now, no talking. You guys have to be quiet so that she doesn't know that we're out here," said Dean.
Several minutes later, Kim walked in her bedroom oblivious that the drape that led out to the deck was pushed open just enough to the side to give her husband and his three drunken friends a clear view of her undressing. Once the bedroom light was on, with them having a good view inside the bedroom, unless they moved around outside or talked, she wouldn't be able to see or hear them through the sliding glass door with the reflection of her own image. With them having an unobstructed view of the bedroom from the back deck door, to the bedroom door, and to the bed, it didn't take Dean opening the curtain very much for them to see Kim in all of her splendid, naked glory.
As if they were watching paint dry or watching a baseball game mindlessly take forever to play, concentrating their focus on the twelve inch opening in the drape, their eyes were glued to the door in the way that it would be to the screen if the four men were watching a porn movie. They stared at the small opening in the curtain while waiting for Kim to make her sexy, nightly appearance. Then, not to be disappointed, with a click of the light switch on, the bedroom light illuminated her as if she was an actress on stage. No doubt thinking that she was alone, she walked around her bedroom getting ready for bed.
"Showtime!"
* * * * *
Now that she turned on the bedroom light and with her a little drunk and not noticing the open drape, she was oblivious to being watched, lusted over, and ogled. Rather than being out on the deck looking inside, but for her husband, any of these men would much rather be in the room and in bed with Kim. Yet, chances are, just as she wouldn't know that her husband and his three friends were out on the deck watching her undress for bed, hopefully she wouldn't notice the open drapery either, once she started undressing.
Proud of himself, and with him trying to show his friends Kim's naked body for years, finally, he developed a well-orchestrated plan to flash her not only without her approval abut also without her knowledge and without her even suspecting. The perfect plan of exhibitionism and voyeurism, he couldn't wait for her to parade around the bedroom naked. The only thing better than her being naked would be if she touched herself, but she'd never do that.
* * * * *
Thinking that they were going to be spending a romantic evening home alone, he surprised her when he told her that he invited his friends over for a few beers.
"Wear something sexy when my friends come over tonight Kim," he said to his wife.
"Wear something sexy? What do you mean by sexy? Do you mean that you want me to flash your friends my panties and bra?" She gave him a look that told him that she wasn't happy that he had invited his friends without asking her first. "What if I greet them at the door naked," she said.
"That will work," he said with a sick grin.
She looked at him as if he was crazy. She looked at him as if he was sexually depraved. She looked at him as if she didn't understand his need to continue to flash his underwear to men, especially to his friends.
"So, what do you have in mind that I should wear that you consider sexy?"
"You could wear that short skirt that's impossible for you to sit without flashing your panties. And you could wear that blouse that drapes so low in the front that it looks as if you're not even wearing a blouse," he said with a dirty laugh. "If you wear that skirt and blouse, you'll be flashing your panties every time you sit and cross and uncross your legs and your bra and tits every time you lean forward."
"Other than sexual frustration, what do I get out of flashing your friends?
"I'll take you shopping tomorrow to buy a whole new outfit."
"Including shoes?"
"Yes, especially shoes, so long as you flash your panties to the poor shoe salesman at the shoe store," he said with a dirty laugh.
"Okay," she said, "but every time I flash your friends, they think that I'm not only available and interested but also that I want them."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean when I go to the kitchen to get drinks, they follow me out to grope me while trying to kiss me," she said.
"Groping is just innocent fun. Don't be so uptight. Relax," he said. "So what if they kiss you. It's just a kiss."
"It's more than just a kiss Dean when they have one hand up my skirt and another hand down my blouse," she said with some anger.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/oops-sorry-dean-flashes-wife-1?page=2

"I'll talk to them. Okay?"
* * * * *
With her finally, albeit reluctantly, agreeing to him flashing her underwear clad body in the past, if only she knew that he was about to flash her naked body to his three horny, drunken friends now. If she knew what he had planned, she wouldn't be happy about being used in that sexual way. Certainly, she'd refuse him and wouldn't be party to stripping naked in front of his three, drunken friends. If she knew his devious plan, she may not be as understanding as she was previously in allowing him to flash her underwear to his friends with sexy up skirts and erotic down blouses. A boundless deviant, just as Dean seemingly had no limits in his desire to expose his wife to others, conversely, Kim had her limits in what she thought was morally respectable and what she thought was sexually depraved.
"Wear your bikini tonight Kim, the sexy one," he said.
"No way," she said.
"Why not?"
"Because if I wear that in front of your friends, as soon as I got in the pool, they'll pull me over to the deep, dark end and will have their horny hands up my bikini top and down my bikini bottoms," she said.
"So? What's the big deal? It isn't as if you haven't been felt up before," he said with a dirty laugh.
"The big deal Dean is that I don't want to be pawed and stripped naked by your horny friends. The big deal is that I'm your wife and the only one that I allow to see me naked is you," she said.
"Okay, okay," he said.
"Wear a long coat for all that I care."
Having already discussed exposing her naked body to men and to his friends in the past with her, total nudity was off limits to him flashing her to anyone, especially to his three horny friends. With him wanting to barge in their bedroom with his friends in tow while she was putting on her bikini, she didn't want him flashing her naked body to them or to anyone. Her being topless was reluctantly okay when she was in the pool and/or in the mood to show her tits but flashing her naked body was not acceptable with her without her expressed permission first. With some things deemed privately personal, normally a modest woman who was married to a sexual deviate, she didn't want anyone seeing her pussy and her naked ass but her husband.
* * * * *
"There's a dance at the Hotel Fairmont Saturday night. Do you want to go?"
"A dance?" She made a face as if she had just bitten in a lemon. "Since when do you ever take me dancing," she said looking at her husband with suspicion.
"I'm asking you now," he said looking guilty.
"What is it one of those swinging dances?"
"So what if it is?"
"I'm not going to a swingers' dance Dean. I told you before that I'm not participating in the swinging lifestyle. God, you're such a pervert Dean."
"Okay, okay, you don't have to get nasty about it," he said.
Having sex with others while still married to Dean was another totally taboo thing that she wouldn't do. Even though he's already approached her about his desire for them to participate in the swinging lifestyle, she didn't want any part of that in her marriage. If she was going to welcome another man to her bed, being that she's not the slut that he sometimes thinks she is nor the whore that he sometimes wishes she was, Dean would have to be out of the picture for her to have sex with someone else. Innocently flashing her panties and bra was one thing, and just as she'd never allow her husband to flash her naked body to anyone, especially his three eternally horny friends, she could never have sex with anyone but her husband.
* * * * *
Without question, she knew her husband was a pervert, especially when it came to him wanting to flash her to any man at every available opportunity. Alas and unfortunately, if only she knew what he had planned, she would have been more diligent in her privacy and modesty when home alone with him. Still so naïve to the sexual perversions that drove him, she truly believed that even he wouldn't stoop so low as to invade her privacy and destroy her modesty by inviting his friends up on their back deck to watch her strip naked in her own bedroom. Only, when mixing her husband's innate, perversely perverted desire to flash his wife with a generous dose of alcohol, along with the inherent horniness of him and his horny three friends, well that's the perfect recipe for him flashing her naked body.
"Dean, I'm having second thoughts about flashing your friends. If you don't mind, instead of wearing an uncomfortable short skirt that I can't be comfortable sitting in and a top that men can see down to my belly, I'd rather wear jeans and a turtleneck sweater," she said.
"Jeans and a turtleneck sweater? Are you crazy? My friends look forward to seeing you," he said laughing. "If you know what I mean."
"I know exactly what you mean Dean," she said making a sour face.
Relenting to his sexual whims, Kim gave into her husband's sexual peccadillo of flashing his friends her underwear and wore her oh, so short skirt and oh, so low cut top. Upon Dean's encouragement and insistence, Kim did her job as the obedient wife in flashing his three friends up skirts of her white, bikini panties and down blouses of the tops of her meaty breasts, her long line of cleavage, and her sexy, low cut bra. After she mercilessly teased his three friends with an endless array of exhibitionism, the stage was already set for his friends to see his wife naked.
Naked, naked, naked, he couldn't wait for his three friends to see Kim naked. If only Kim knew that her stripping naked in front of his friends was her husband's agenda all along, she'd be pissed. The only thing missing from their seductive show of exhibitionism and voyeurism was the main act and with Kim already on stage in their bedroom with the light on, and ready to undress, she was about to strip herself naked. Enamored with his shapely and sexy wife, there's nothing her husband wouldn't do to proudly show off his wife's body to strangers and to his friends. Ready to watch the naked striptease show, his three friends didn't make a sound while staring through the partially open, deck door drape.
* * * * *
With her always saying no but eventually and reluctantly agreeing to him flashing her underwear clad body to men as long as he made it appear accidental, her husband was creative in his deliberate ability to unsuspectingly flash his wife's body to strangers. One of his favorite flashes to do is to hold a hand on the top of her shapely ass as she walked through the mall with him by her side. By holding on to the back, top portion of her short skirt with his fingertips, he only needed to raise the back of her skirt just a little to expose her. He seemingly and inadvertently, albeit deliberately, raised the back of her already too short skirt just enough to expose the bottom of her panty clad ass cheeks.
"Gees, Dean, I'm feeling a draft," she said with an embarrassed laugh while giving him a poke in the ribs.
"You wouldn't believe the long line of men you have walking behind you staring at your panty clad ass Kim," he said.
"I saw their reflection when I looked in the store window. I can't believe you're showing my ass cheeks and panties to the world," she said swiping his hand away from her backside with him only to move his hand back while raising her skirt again, this time a little higher.
The voyeuristic effect was much more noticeable when walking outside on a windy day or when riding the escalator up to the next floor of the mall. With Kim playing her role by acting oblivious to what her husband was doing behind her in raising her already too short skirt, always there were a long line of men standing behind her while enjoying the sexy show of her shapely ass and exposed panties. As long as he didn't totally disrespect her by moving her skirt any higher, and as long as he made the flashing appear accidental, she allowed her husband his sexy fun of exhibitionism. It was only her panties, nothing more than what men see when she's wearing her bikini on the beach.
"Oh, my God, Dean, I feel so exposed," she said whispering to him as the rode the escalator up to the second floor of the mall."
"Bend over as if to fix your shoe," he said.
"I'm not going to bend over Dean. My panties will be completely exposed if I do," she said whispering again but now obviously with a tinge of sexual excitement in her voice.
"Please Kim?"
"Okay," she said bending forward as if to fix her shoe and showing the lucky men riding the escalator behind her a nice view of her panty clad ass.
Another one of his favorite flashes for her to do was having her seemingly unwittingly flash her panties to the shoe store salesman. Coercing her by promising to buy her any shoe in the store, he'd watch her from the outside window flashing her panties to the lucky man who helped fit her with shoes. While lifting her foot higher and spreading her legs wider for her to angle her foot to fit in the boot, trying on boots a size too small was the best way for her to accidentally flash her panties. Always giving the shoe salesman an innocent up skirt show of her panty clad pussy and a great down blouse view at her cleavage and bra, especially when leaning forward to check the fit of the shoe, she always received the best personal attention and customer service.
"Take your time Kim. I don't care if you try on a dozen pair of boots. Just give the salesman a good view of your panties," he said.
"Yeah, well, it's going to cost you," she said. "I have my eye on an expensive pair of boots."
Then, while still at the mall, specifically while at the food court, at her husband's insistent behest, she gave the men having lunch a good and prolonged show of her panties. She couldn't count the number of times she sat at the food court with her short skirt up to her crotch and her knees spread open wide enough for all to see the view of her bright, white, bikini panties between her long legs. As if he wasn't with her husband, Dean walked the food court to observe her from a distance and to see what he could see of his wife. It was exciting for him to see what all of the men were seeing of her.
"I'm going to go walk around the food court Kim," he said looking at all that his wife was showing before leaving her alone. "Hike your skirt higher and spread your knees a little more. Yeah, perfect," he said when she obeyed.
Pretending that she didn't know that her legs were so open and that her panty was so exposed, men jockeyed for the perfect position to sit opposite her for them to see her panties. It was amazing that in such a crowded food court how one side of the room suddenly had a tight concentration of men sitting together at tables while staring over at her. Acting oblivious to their leers, and never crossing her legs to deny them a view of her panties, she gave them a good show of what usually lays hidden between her legs but now that was so openly exposed. Once again, as long as her flashing could be deemed accidental or inadvertent, she had no problem flashing unsuspecting men her sexy underwear.
"I'm going to go hit the men's room babe," he said with a dirty laugh. "You coming?"
"I'll be right behind you," she said taking out her cell phone. "Give me a minute to get my act together," she said pretending that she was texting someone.
After lunch, with her husband already inside the men's room waiting there to watch her feigned, albeit embarrassed performance, mindlessly texting on her cell phone while walking, she'd obliviously, albeit deliberately, walk in the men's restroom. Too focused on her texting, she pretended that she didn't notice her mistake until she was deep inside of the men's room and surrounded by men. Shocked and surprised to see a woman in the men's room, some men turned from the urinals to flash her their cocks. She couldn't count the number of times she purposely walked into the men's restroom instead of the women's restroom at her husband's insisted behest. More than just a few, probably several dozen, she couldn't count the number of men's cocks she's seen.
"Eww, that was so disgusting Dean," she'd always say running out of the restroom with her husband in tow behind her while laughing with glee and aroused with sexual excitement.
* * * * *
Whether she was with her husband on a bus or on a train, with her short skirt raised high enough and her acting oblivious that she was so exposed, her knees were spread wide enough to give the man sitting across from her a good view of her panties. Sometimes they rode the subway to the end of the line one way and to the end of the line the other way while flashing men up skirt views of her panties and down blouse views of her cleavage and bra. With her top cut low enough and falling forward open enough, she gave the men standing over her a good view of the tops of her meaty breasts and a good look of her bouncing, shimmering boobs whenever on a train or bus with her husband. As if hypnotizing them, maintaining men's interest by mesmerized them with the motion of her meaty breasts, her big, natural boobs jiggled in the way of firm gelatin.
Sometimes going for a simple bike ride on a warm sunny day was enough to give her husband, Dean, the sexual satisfaction he needed while watching his wife flash her panties, bra, and cleavage to a multitude of unsuspecting and surprised men. Hiking up her short skirt, and instead of pausing her pedaling to preserve her modesty, she'd exaggerate her pedaling more as she advanced upon men coming her way. A practiced move that Dean had her rehearse to see how she could flash the most of her panties while innocently and innocuously pedaling her bike, he staged the movements of her legs to make the most of her exhibitionism. Wearing a low cut blouse, one that showed more of her breasts the more she leaned forward, she gave men a continual show of her cleavage and bra while leaning forward over her handlebars.
She rode the rollercoaster not so much for the thrill of the ride but for the sexy show at the end of the ride. As if her fun bags were part and parcel to the entertainment received at her own personal amusement park, not wearing a bra was part of her exhibitionistic show. As if her big breasts were being beckoned by an Indian, snake charmer to make their surprise, naked appearance, her big tits eventually pushed higher and higher out of her top from the speed and ferocity of the rollercoaster ride. Finally, when the rollercoaster came to a stop and the ride came to an end, with her breasts out of her top and totally exposed, her breasts had made their naked appearance while waiting for the employee to release them from the constraints of their rollercoaster ride.
As if momentarily stunned from the thrill and the pure exhilaration of the ride, coerced by her husband and at his expressed behest, she sat there acting oblivious that she was sitting there topless with her big breasts so nakedly exposed. Smiling up at everyone who walked by her while leering down at her, after giving passengers and employees alike a good, long look of her tits, she acted mortified while pretending to be embarrassed before stuffing her breasts back inside of her top. Willing to exchange her modesty for the sexual sake of her husband's exhibitionistic and voyeuristic pleasure, they always had great pillow talk and enjoyed great sex after her flashing episodes. Only tonight with her flashing her naked body to his friends, Dean couldn't share his sexual excitement with his wife during their normal pillow talk session while having sex. Being that her naked flashing was his sexy secret, he had to remain silent about all that Kim was about to expose to his three friends, Bob, Jim, and Michael.
* * * * *
Another one of his favorite flashes to do with his wife was to frequent the only women's clothing store left in the mall that still had curtains instead of doors on the dressing rooms. A voyeur's paradise, men who normally hate being dragged to go shopping with their wives and girlfriends, encouraged their wives and girlfriends to take their time in the dressing room so that they could ogle the nearly naked women standing behind the dressing room curtains. Yet, men weren't the only ones having voyeuristic fun. A dressing room with a curtain instead of a door was perfect for those exhibitionistic women who wanted to flash and to show their bodies to men without being deliberately slutty about it. As their way to save their virtue, acting if men were the perverts for looking at them, actually they were the perverted ones for showing men all that men wanted to see.
He'd watch his sexy wife disappear behind the curtain to try on bras while waiting for the most opportune moment when there were a few bored husbands and boyfriends waiting outside of the dressing room for their wives and girlfriends. With a small audience of men watching him to see what's behind the curtain, he'd open the curtain to her dressing room wide enough for the men to see his wife standing there topless. He was sexually excited when men saw his wife's tits. With her tits her best asset right behind her shapely ass, he loved showing off Kim's big boobs to the shocked surprise of the men who stood behind him staring at his topless wife over his shoulder.
A passive, albeit willingly active participant in her husband flashing her body to men, all she had to do was to turn to him, and she did, for the men to have the perfect voyeuristic albeit subtle view of her tits. She flashed not for her sexual excitement of exhibitionism but for her husband's sexual pleasure that he received from voyeurism in showing other men her beautiful body. Obviously she took some modicum of pleasure too in her husband getting off by flashing men bits and pieces of her body. She wasn't a nun but she wasn't a whore either. So long as it was harmless fun and so long as Dean continued to make her flashing appear accidental, she didn't mind flashing men her body.
With her having perfectly symmetrical, C cup, natural breasts, she had spectacular tits with perfectly round areolas and big, pink nipples. An easy thing to do at the beach that wasn't even a nude beach, all that it took for her to flash her tits to lucky men was to wait for an errant wave and have Kim scream her embarrassment as the water made off with her bikini top. Chasing down her bikini bra with her big, naked breasts bouncing up and down and swaying from side to side, it was a sight to behold when her tits moved forward with her body as she leaned down to retrieve her bikini bra. As if she was a wannabe celebrity on a beach in Cannes, France, with all eyes upon Kim's big tits, she flashed dozens of unsuspecting men her naked breasts whenever pulling that flashing routine at the beach. If there was another way for Dean to flash men Kim's sexy body, whichever flashes are next, Dean has either done that already or he's thinking of doing that next.
* * * * *
"Honey, I found a couple of bras for you in your size and in different colors," he'd say loud enough for the men to hear him while standing there and holding with the curtain open enough to expose his topless wife again.
Playing her role of exhibitionism by looking down instead of up and acting oblivious to the men staring at her tits, she'd examine the bras before accepting the bras from her husband to try them. Then, while her husband continued his hunt to find more brassieres, absentmindedly, albeit deliberately forgetting to close the curtain all the way closed, a move they've practiced many times and mastered, their little, big tit flashing show continued. With the dressing room curtain opened enough for someone standing across from her to see her standing there topless, it was open enough for someone to see her areolas and nipples through the mirror at an angle too.
While she examined bras topless before trying on bras, too preoccupied looking at herself in the mirror, she was seemingly oblivious to the men standing there in awe of all that she was showing and all that they were seeing. Giving them a good, long topless show of her big, bare breasts, she tried on bra after bra. Removing one bra to try on another bra, with her turning one way before turning the other way, she gave the spectators an endless show of her perfect tits. Acting as if she wasn't aware that they were even there leering at her tits, she paid the men no never mind to them staring at her exposed, big breasts that bounced and jiggled with her every movement and swayed with her every motion. Watching her from a distance and knowing that he'd be spending a lot of money on lingerie for his wife to stand there topless for that amount of time while flashing that many men, her husband stood where he could see the men watching her.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/oops-sorry-dean-flashes-wife-1?page=3

* * * * *
Making her skin crawl but reluctantly agreeing to do it, she agreed to go along with flashing her husband's friends the tops of her breasts, her long, line of cleavage, her bra, and her panties by pretending that she was unaware that she was so exposed. It didn't bother her to flash strangers as much as it bothered her to flash his friends. Knowing she had to face them again, every time she flashed them her panties, cleavage, and bra, they'd make a pass at her whenever they got her alone in the kitchen, out back, and/or especially in the deep, dark end of the pool. Without Dean there to protect her, they'd feeling her ass or grope her breast. With her always flashing them her underwear, obviously they thought that it was okay to touch her and to feel her. Obviously, they thought that she wanted them as much as they wanted her.
A bit too personal, in the way that they stared and leered at her, she knew that they all wanted her and would have their wicked sexual way with her if her husband wasn't there to intercede on her behalf and to protect her. Only knowing the perversely perverted man her husband was, he'd like nothing better than to watch her suck his friends' cocks before fucking his friends. Knowing her husband, he'd like nothing better than to watch her pull a train and gangbang his friends while he sat in the corner and masturbated while watching Kim having sex with other men. Knowing her husband, he'd like nothing better than for her to agree to participate in the swinging lifestyle.
As commanded by her husband, she spent her entire evening flashing his three, horny friends, Bob, Jim, and Michael up skirt shots of her bright white, cotton panties and down blouse peeks of her the tops of her breasts, the long line of abundant cleavage, and her low cut bra. Normally an uptight, easily embarrassed, modestly reserved, and sexually shy grammar school teacher, she wasn't the slutty woman that her husband hoped her to be nor was she the whore that he wanted her to be. Yet, getting over her shyness and modesty while enduring the embarrassment of men seeing parts of her body that they should never see, she tried to do everything she could to sexually please him, even if it meant showing strange men and his friends her underwear clad body.
With the three men ogling all that she was showing as if she was just a sum of her body parts, ass, tits, and pussy, they made her feel like a thing instead of a person. Obviously by her furtive glances, she could tell by the bulges in their pants that her husband's friends had erections over all that she was showing them and all that they were seeing of her. No doubt, she couldn't even begin to wonder what they'd be like if they ever saw her topless and/or naked. No doubt, she couldn't even imagine what would happen to her, probably a gangbang rape, if her husband wasn't there to keep her safe.
Obviously cringing at the thought of exposing so much of her body to them, an obedient wife, she was a reluctant flasher. Yet, he coerced her to flash her sexy body at every available opportunity and to every available man. Undoubtedly she knew that flashing her topless and/or naked body to his friends would obviously be next on his flashing agenda. Without a doubt, what would follow after that was coercing her to have sex with his friends.
To be continued...
