a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-03

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-03

Prologue:

After Gopal left, I slept the whole day. It was a Saturday and I was on leave so I didn't have to worry about my professional commitments. Anyways, after such a long, tiring night, all I could think of was sleep. I slept till late afternoon except during lunch and bathroom breaks. I needed rest not just to recover from last night but also to ready myself for another night long romp with Gopal. I had informed Suma in the morning itself that she wasn't needed on Sunday. She agreed without any questions.

The next day was Sunday, so I wanted to enjoy the whole Saturday night and if possible, entire Sunday as well. In the evening, I went to the market and stocked up on food, liquor and cigarettes for the weekend. I went to the medical store and purchased a large box of condoms containing assorted flavored condoms.

I came home and took a hot shower. I put on light make up, skin lotion and hair conditioner. I sprayed perfume on my pussy and on my body and applied a very bright red lip color. I, not only wanted to look good for my man but also to make myself feel special. I wore a white bikini top and a G-string over which I wore a transparent white micro mini skirt with a pair of sexy high heels.

I eagerly waited for Gopal to arrive and he arrived right on time. He was very excited to see me all dressed up for the occasion. I made drinks for us and we drank it with the chicken tandoori that he had brought along with him. We gulped down drink after drink and very soon we had finished the entire bottle. We were drunk and horny and ready for action.

I jumped on Gopal and we started pleasuring each other right on the couch. We had sex all night, most of which happened in the bedroom apart from the first session in the living room, one in the kitchen and one in the balcony. Gopal stayed over on Sunday as well and we did nothing but eat, sleep, drink and fuck. I not just lost count of the orgasms I had but also how many times I swallowed his semen and received facials and cum shots.

When Gopal left on Sunday evening, I was completely exhausted. My asshole and pussy were sore from the hammering they got over the last one day. My body was full of love bites, which Gopal left as marks of his 'territory'.

What started as a rape had turned into a full blown affair in two very short days and very long nights. After our first evening 'together', Gopal became a regular guest at my place. We used to have sex at least twice during weekdays and spend almost all weekends having sex like two degenerate sex maniacs.

Eventually my repulsion towards cum was replaced by addiction. Yes! I was addicted to Gopal's cum. I worshipped his cock. I loved being sprayed upon by his hot cum all over me. Gopal loved cumming on me. He came on my back, my ass, my stomach and my boobs but I loved it most when he came on my face. Thick ropes of semen covering my face were a massive turn on.

I didn't waste Gopal's cum. I swallowed every bit of it. If Gopal came in my mouth, I would swallow and then show him my tongue to let him know that I had swallowed his load. If he came on my body, I made sure that I picked up every drop of it and ate it.

I taught Gopal how to kiss. Previously, Gopal was a very bad kisser. I don't blame him. He had never known romance and his shy wife wasn't demanding enough. Gopal learnt it fast and now had become a fantastic kisser. We would have long make out sessions before we had sex and it was amazing.

Around a month after our affair started, Gopal and I got drunk and out of control. We had sex without protection and he came inside me. At first I was scared of the consequences but I soon realized that a morning after pill would keep me out of trouble. I thanked modern pharmaceutical technology and went back to being fucked bareback. The pleasure of being fucked bareback was a revelation. The pleasure and satisfaction of an uncovered cock was awesome. The feeling of a hot, thick and stiff cock rubbing against the pussy walls is incomparable and indescribable. We had sex without a condom for the rest of the night. After that day, I went on regular contraceptive pills and Gopal stopped using a condom.

Eventually I too became very aggressive in bed. Dirty talking had become a habit which we both loved. I was very demanding in bed and Gopal was not just capable of satisfying my demands but was more than happy to do them. I used to sit on his face and pull his hair while he licked my pussy. Gopal loved the dirty, naughty and aggressive Ruchi. I was very different from his shy, subservient wife who just lies down and spreads her legs without uttering a word.

But after all I was a woman. The lady in me at times wished to be loved. I at times wanted to be taken in a very tender and gentle way. Gopal made sure of that. Gopal and I made sweet love as he would fuck me gently, kissing me all the while.

Sex with Gopal was never predictable. He once took me on a drive in his truck out of the city. He made me suck his cock while he drove. I did it with enthusiasm, the bumpy road making it easy for his cock to go in and out of my mouth. After having travelled a long way out of the town, Gopal parked his truck in an isolated spot. We had sex in the back of his open truck all night. The feeling of having sex underneath the night sky littered with stars is amazing.

I had become a big fan of anal sex. Gopal was right when he said that I would beg to get ass fucked, which I did and he obliged. During my period, when my pussy was out of access, Gopal would fuck my ass. Our experimenting didn't end with anal sex. We tried several other positions such as pile driver, standing 69, wheel barrow etc. Gopal expanded my sexual horizons to new level with each passing day.

Even though Gopal and I had mind blowing sex, there were no emotions involved. For me Gopal was just a fuck toy. He was a man who provided me sexual satisfaction beyond my fiancée's capacity. I loved Rohit and I was waiting for him to return so that we could get married and live happily ever after.

As far as Gopal was concerned, he was happy with the fact that he had scored a chick that was not just way above his league but who was also a tigress in bed. He didn't need anything else. As far as Suma was concerned, she was blissfully unaware of her husband's adventures with her boss.

Four months after I started sleeping with Gopal, an incident occurred that started a new chapter in this remarkable phase of my life...

--------------------------------------------------

Gopal had been away on one of his trucking expeditions. He was a renowned trucker and traveled across the country with his own fleet of trucks. While Gopal was away, I got busy with my professional commitments. Even though I missed Gopal, this was a break that I truly needed. Such a hectic and rough sex life took its toll on my body which desperately needed rest.

On one such day I was busy getting ready for work. Suma came at her usual time and was doing her chores. I was in my office till very late last night and I had woken up late the following morning. I was in a hurry to get ready and got into the shower. While I was in the shower, Suma knocked on my door.

"Madam, your cell phone is ringing." She informed me.

"Okay...I will be out in a minute." I replied.

I knew this phone call was from my office and it was important. I turned off the shower and turned to grab my towel. As soon as I turned, I right leg slipped. I landed straight on my ass hard. The impact was big and my brain registered the fall within a microsecond and I felt strong pain shoot up my body. For the first few seconds I couldn't scream because of the intense pain but a while later I managed to scream at the top of my voice for help.

"Sumaaaa...Help meee..." I screamed as my back was throbbing in pain. I was feeling strong pulses of pain going through my back.

"Madam...what happened?" Suma shouted from behind the door. The door was bolted and she couldn't enter.

"I fell...Ohh my god it hurts" I screamed as tears started flowing down my cheeks.

"Open the door madam...I can't come inside" she said as she loudly banged the bathroom door.

The door was at least two feet away from me. I was in so much pain that those two feet felt like two miles but there was no option. I had to open the door myself to get out. I, with great difficulty crawled to the door. With every inch that I moved forward, the pain increased. My body was wet and I started feeling cold. The cold intensified the pain even more. When I reached the door, I lifted my hand and unbolted the door and I collapsed on the floor. Suma pushed the door and entered the bathroom and looked at me in horror. I was wet, naked and writhing in pain.

"Madam...madam..." she called me to verify whether I was conscious or not.

"Suma...get me out of here...fast!!!" I pleaded her.

Suma lifted me with great difficulty. She had to lift me very carefully as the floor was still wet and slippery and there was a great risk of her falling down as well. The pain had stiffened my body and I couldn't do anything to make it any easier for her to lift me. Suma raised me on my legs and put her hand around my waist and slowly moved forward. I couldn't walk at all and she had to carry my entire body weight on her.

After what seemed an eternity, Suma helped me reach my bedroom and placed me gently on my bed. She immediately went and closed the window to restrict the cold winds entering my bedroom. She brought a dry towel and began wiping my body. The pain hadn't reduced at all and I passed out on the bed.

When I woke up, Suma was no where to be seen. I looked at the clock, it was noon. I had been unconscious for over 4 hours. I noticed that my body was covered with a white blanket and a pillow had been placed below my knees. I remembered that I was naked when Suma brought me here and I lifted the blanket to see that I was dressed in a T-shirt and panties. I tried to get up and as soon as I did that, I felt the pain and collapsed on the bed once again.

"Suma...Suma...is anyone here?" I shouted, hoping that I wasn't alone. I couldn't be alone in such a condition.

"Yes madam...I am here..." Suma answered as she entered my bedroom. She walked up to the bed and stood next to it.

"What happened?" I asked her trying to recall what happened after Suma put me on the bed.

"You passed out madam. I was scared so I immediately called Mrs. Reddy and told her about the incident. She came here with the company medical team. The doctor prescribed some medicines and after a while they all left." Suma said bringing me up to speed.

"But what about office?" I asked. I was concerned about my work. There was a lot to be done and now I couldn't even get out of the bed.

"Don't worry about that. Mrs. Reddy has told me that she will take care of everything and you should rest. That fall was bad and you need a lot of rest. I am going to stay here with you madam. You can't be left alone in such a condition. I have informed my daughter and she will bring my clothes and other stuff here. " she assured me.

"Thank you so much Suma. I can't imagine what could've happened if you weren't here" I said with a faint smile on my face.

Suma smiled at me and left the room to do her work. After a while she came back with some food on a tray. She kept the tray on the side table and sat besides me on the bed. She passed me a hot bowl of soup. I drank the soup and then I had a very light lunch. After lunch Suma and I talked for a while and then I slept.

The doctor had prescribed strong antibiotics which made me very drowsy. I slept the whole day except when Suma brought me my dinner. I slept again only to wake up directly in the morning. The pain had subsided but I still couldn't get out of the bed.

Suma brought my toothbrush and paste to the bed and I brushed my teeth. She raised me and placed a few pillows at the headboard and then gently placed me on them. My back rested on the pillows as I sat up. After I freshened up, Suma brought a hot cup of tea with a few slices of bread and scrambled eggs which I ate with relish.

After I was done eating breakfast, I read the newspaper while Suma went back to doing her chores. After a while Suma came with a couple of towels and hot water.

"Madam...I know you can't get up so I am going to give you a sponge bath." She said as she placed the vessel on the side table.

"Okay" I replied and kept the news paper on the bed.

Suma took off the blanket off my knees. She then grabbed my T-shirt at its bottom end and started pulling it. I raised my hands and she gently removed my T-shirt. I wasn't wearing anything underneath and as soon as Suma pulled my shirt off, my breasts were exposed. My immediate reaction was to cover my breasts like any woman would do to protect her modesty. I soon realized that I was with Suma, a woman. She had seen me completely naked the other day and was now doing what was necessary. This is no big deal.

I faintly smiled at Suma and took my hands off my breasts. Suma smiled at me and then dug her fingers gently into the waistband of my panties. I raised myself just an inch, enough for her to drag my panties off my ass. She slowly dragged them off my legs and kept them near my T-shirt. I closed my legs to avoid showing her my clean shaved pussy.

Even though I closed my legs, a part of my slit was still visible. My pussy was clean shaved except for a thin column of neatly trimmed hair just above my pussy. Gopal preferred a neatly trimmed pussy and I made sure that I kept it like that. I had an electric shaver with which I trimmed my pussy hair into different designs.

First I had kept a downward pointing triangle, then a heart and now a thin column of hair. Gopal loved my creativity and would eat my pussy with gusto. I too loved doing such things as I thought it was very erotic.

Suma gasped a little seeing my naked body. She sat down beside me and grabbed a towel. She soaked it in the hot water and squeezed it a little to remove the excess water. She gently placed the wet towel on my shoulder and started moving it over my shoulder. She softly rubbed my body with the towel. The warm towel felt really good on my body. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feeling. Suma then moved the towel over to my neck and continued.

She then dipped the towel into the warm water and brought it over my breasts. She squeezed the towel and the excess water fell on my boobs. I gasped as the warm water flowed over my boobs.

Suma washed my chest starting from the collar bone. She slowly made her way to my boobs. She placed the warm towel on my boobs and started rubbing it. She focused more on my nipples, rubbing the towel a little hard on them. I took a sharp, deep breath in response to that move.

After washing my boobs, Suma moved to my stomach and cleaned it as well. She inserted the warm towel inside my navel sending ripples through my body. Suma then moved to my thighs, dragging the wet towel down to my feet in one smooth, continuous move. She repeated this till my legs had been cleaned. She then placed the towel on my abdomen and started rubbing. She moved towards my pussy with each stroke.

She reached my mound and I opened my legs. She placed the warm towel on my pussy and gently rubbed it. I inhaled and exhaled loudly, enjoying the sensation and making it obvious that I was turned on by this. As my eyes were closed, I couldn't see Suma's reaction but I was sure she too noticed it. Suma didn't spend a lot of time on my pussy. She rubbed it a couple of times and then stopped.

"Let's clean your back madam." Suma said.

Her words brought me back to earth from the highs of erotic sensations. She carefully pulled me up and then proceeded to clean my back. While Suma cleaned my back, she was in such a position that her right breast was just an inch away from my mouth.

As she cleaned my lower back, her breast was pushed forward and was now lightly touching my right cheek. If I turned my head to the right, her nipple would be in my mouth. After a very tense few minutes Suma stopped. She gently placed me back to my original position and cleaned my body with a dry towel. She helped me wear my clothes and picked up the towels and the vessel.

"I am going to prepare lunch for us madam. You rest here" she said as she went to the kitchen.

What the hell was that? I thought to myself. I was turned on by a woman's touch. I had never been touched by a woman like this. I was straight, then why did I enjoy it? Was Suma aware that I was turned on? Did she do it deliberately? Did she enjoy it too? There were many questions in my mind but there were no quick answers. To get the answers, I would have to wait till tomorrow. If such a thing happened again then I would have answers to all my questions.

I stopped thinking about it and decided to watch some television. I had recently installed a 31 inch LED flat screen in my bedroom. I picked up its remote and switched on the television. The rest of the day went without any unusual incident.

Suma brought me my meals on time and made sure that I had taken my medicine. In between lunch and dinner, I either slept or watched TV. I tried getting up but it was still painful so I gave up and slept.

Next morning, after my breakfast, Suma returned with towels and warm water. She took off my clothes and started washing my body. She repeated yesterdays' moves but today she spent more time on each part and rubbed my body harder. She spent several minutes on my boobs, applying more pressure this time. She then moved to my pussy and starting rubbing the warm cloth over it. This time she was taking her time. Her moves were more elaborate than the last time.

"Mmmmmmm" I moaned as Suma rubbed my clit. I opened my eyes and looked at Suma. She had a smile on her face. I smiled back at her. Suma continued rubbing my pussy for a while and then shifted to other parts of my body. In a short while Suma was done giving me a bath. She helped me get dressed, picked up the towels and the vessel and started walking towards the bedroom door.

As she was about to leave the room, Suma turned around and said, "I hope you like your sponge bath" and winked. She smiled mischievously and walked out of the room.

I was dumbstruck by her last comment. Suma was bisexual! I thought. I was surprised even more about the fact that I didn't stop her and enjoyed it.

The rest of the day went as usual. My office colleagues came to meet me. We talked about the happenings in office and I gave them directions and guidance on some important issues. I still couldn't stand up properly and needed help. The doctor advised few more days of rest before I got to work.

In the next few days my "sponge baths" became sort of regular. Suma would turn me on massively by rubbing my body in the most erotic manner. She would bring me close to an orgasm and then stop leaving me high and dry. I started feeling a strong sexual attraction towards her. As they say, a woman knows how to make real love and I wanted to experience that.

My sexual attraction was so strong that I started checking out Suma. Suma was a beautiful woman. She had flawless brown skin with very sharp facial features. She had a full figure with weight just at the right spots. Any man would have loved her love handles. She was well endowed though I didn't notice it all these days because of her modest dressing. Her large breasts would be covered by her sari. I first noticed her real size when she gave me my first sponge bath. Suma had a fabulous ass. I dare say that it was better than Kim Kardashian's.

After a week, the doctor came to check me again. He noticed that I had recovered but still needed a little rest. He advised me not to lift any heavy objects and avoid taking heavy work loads. He also advised me to stay home for a few more days so that I could fully recover and get to work. Even though my back had improved and the pain had almost gone, the doctor didn't want to take any chances. So he advised that I get back massages so that my back strengthens. After the doctor left, I called Suma. She came into the bedroom and sat besides me on the bed.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-03?page=2

"The doctor has advised me to get back massages. He gave me some medicinal oil for the massage. Suma, will you massage my back?" I asked her.

"Yes madam...I will...I still have to do some work in the kitchen, after which I will rub oil on you back. What I suggest that you get a full body massage. You've spent several days in bed and you need to loosen you body." She said.

"Alright, finish your chores and come back" I replied. Suma nodded and left the room.

The very mention of a fully body massage had turned me on massively. In a very short time, I would be naked and Suma would be applying hot oil on my body and rubbing it tenderly.

After almost half an hour Suma returned. She had finished all her chores and was ready to massage me.

"Madam...I think you need to lie down on the floor for the massage. The oil would stain the bed sheet and the bed.

"You are right Suma. There is a mattress in the cupboard. Will you please get it? The oil is in the drawer next to the bed." I said as I got up from the bed.

Suma took the mattress and laid it on the floor. She retrieved the oil from the drawer and kept it next to the mattress.

"Okay madam, we are ready. Take off you clothes and lie down on the mattress." She said.

The mention of taking off my clothes sent shivers up my spine. I very slowly removed my T-shirt and threw it on the bed. My bra covered breasts were now for her to see. I then took my right hand behind me to unhook the bra. I unhooked it and removed the side straps from my shoulders and the bra fell to the ground. I looked at Suma who in turn was staring at me. I then took my hands to my pajama and tried to open its knot. The knot had been tied tight and I wasn't able to open it. Suma noticed it and quickly came to me.

"Let me do it madam." She said as she came close.

I was standing top less in front of my maid who was kneeling just a couple of inches from my navel, helping me to get completely naked. In a few seconds, Suma managed to untie the pajama. She looked up at me and smiled. I smiled back as she dug her fingers in the elastic of my pajama and panty. She slowly dragged them down my thighs, all the while looking me in the eye. My breathing had fastened and my heart was beating fast enough to burst.

Suma managed to drag my pajama and my panty all the way to my ankle without any resistance. I stepped out of them and stood there all naked. Suma visually scanned my entire body from toe to the head and smiled at me when our eyes met. I smiled back at her and started walking towards the mattress. I gently lay down on it on my back. Suma came to my side and lifted to bottle of oil.

"Suma...you sari will get stained if the oil falls on it. Don't ruin such a beautiful sari. Take it off so that even if there is any spillage, it will not be on the sari." I said trying to sound as innocent as I could.

"You are right madam." Suma replied and got up to take off her sari. She took off her sari and threw it on the bed. Now Suma was just in her pink blouse and a pink petticoat. This was the first time that I had seen Suma like this. I was right, Suma had an awesome body. It's just that one could not notice it under the loose and modest clothes that she wore.

She sat next to me and opened the bottle. She poured a large amount of oil on her right palm and then kept the bottle down. She rubbed her palms together so that the oil could be spread evenly on both her hands.

"Lie down on you stomach madam." Suma said as she was ready to massage me. I turned around and Suma proceeded to apply oil on my back. She placed her palms on my upper back and slowly dragged them all over to the lower back. She spread the oil on my back and then started rubbing it with a little pressure. I realized that Suma was an expert in this. She knew where the pressure points were and was focusing on them. Her actions not only relived the back pain but also turned me on. I started sighing in pleasure as Suma did her magic on my back.

After a few minutes on my back, Suma focused her attention to my legs. She rubbed the oil all the way from my ankles and the calves all the way to my upper thighs. She spent a long time massaging my calves and focused a lot on my upper thighs and the back of my knees. Suma picked up the bottle and poured a generous amount of oil on my ass. I gasped as the oil trickled from my butt cheeks in to my ass crack and then to my pussy.

Suma kept down the bottle and then rubbed the oil all over my ass. She then squeezed my butt cheeks hard making me gasp. My oily butt cheeks were slipping out of her hands as she squeezed them. Suma spent a lot of time on my ass; it seemed like she was in love with it. She put her hands inside my butt crack and massaged my anus. I moaned as her fingers rimmed my anus.

After several minutes of ass massaging, Suma asked me to turn around. I did as she told and now my front side was available to her to fondle. She again took some oil and started massaging my shoulders and upper chest. She then continued to my hands, focusing particularly on my arms. She vigorously rubbed my arms which were an erogenous zone for me. Rubbing my arms was one of the ways to turn me on and Suma had already done that and was doing it even more.

She then went on to rub my stomach. I tightened my abdomen as Suma expertly guided her hands over it. She tickled my navel which made me giggle. I opened my eyes and looked at Suma. She was enjoying what she was doing to me. I closed my eyes indicating Suma to carry on. She then moved on to my legs and massaged them for a couple of minutes.

She came close to touching my pussy a couple of times but deliberately kept away.

She slowly massaged her way to my breasts. She poured some oil on my boobs and then started squeezing them. "Aaah...." A moan escaped my mouth as Suma played with my nipples. I didn't have the courage to open my eyes and look at her neither did I have the courage to grab her and get down to business. She was teasing me and I also wanted her to drag on as long as she could.

As she carried on massaging my boobs, my right hand unknowingly went up to her and grabbed her left breast. I heard a gasp escape from Suma's mouth and I opened my eyes to see her expression. Her face displayed expression which indicated a pleasant shock. I squeezed her breast harder and she moaned in response. She too squeezed my boobs harder and then pinched my nipples.

The deal had been sealed. The ice had been broken. The tension that had built up over the last few days had reached its pinnacle. The moment I grabbed her soft breast, our unexpressed lust for each other had been expressed. Now there was no turning back nor was there any intention from either of us back out.

I hurriedly opened Suma's blouse and threw it on the floor. Her breasts were now exposed to me. I was dumbstruck with what was in front of me.

Her breasts were brown in color but with a lighter skin tone that her arms. The chocolate nipples stood erect and proud on her breast. Suma was breathing heavily and her boobs swayed up and down with her each breath. Even though she was a mother, her breasts hadn't sagged at all. I flicked her left nipple with my thumb and then cupped her boobs. Suma closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation but she didn't stop massaging my boobs.

She then bent down and took my left breast inside her mouth and began sucking on it. A touch of a woman is very different from a man; that was something that I realized that moment. The way she was sucking my breast was very different to the way it had been sucked till date. The only two men who had sucked them were very rough compared to the gentleness with which Suma sucked them.

As she bent and sucked my breast, her left breast was very close to my mouth. I moved my head in that direction and locked my lips over her nipple. Suma moaned as I began sucking her and she sucked a little harder. I squeezed her breast with my right hand and caressed her neck with my left. She stopped sucking my breast and looked up to me. We smiled at each other. Suma then came up to me and lightly placed her lips on to mine. I caught her lower lips with my lips and a very gentle kiss ensued. This was a very unique but great experience.

Suma broke the kiss and we then went back to sucking each other's breast. Suma shifted from my left breast to my right but also adjusted her position such that I had access to her breasts. Suma gave the same treatment to my right breast and I, like a baby sucked on her tit desperately.

Our mutual sucking continued for several minutes before Suma disengaged. She lay down beside me and again kissed me. She caressed my stomach as she kissed me while I just lay there enjoying the amazing sensations that Suma was subjecting me to.

She kissed my forehead, my eyes, my cheeks and then kissed my lips again. Even though she was just a maid, she was kissing me as if she loved me. Her tenderness reminded me of my fiancée.

Suma then kissed her way down to my neck. She kissed and licked my neck in the right spot. She being a woman knew exactly where to kiss me. She gently blew air in my ear making me shudder.

Suma then kissed her way down to my chest and before proceeding further downwards, sucked my boobs for a while. When she reached my stomach, she gently caressed it several times before she started kissing it. She kissed and licked my stomach, my waist and then went on to lick my navel. She inserted her tongue into my navel and started moving her tongue clockwise. I moaned and raised my back but Suma didn't stop.

She licked my navel for a few minutes and then proceeded further down. Suma was now very close to my pussy. She spread my legs and then sat between my legs. She gently rubbed my pussy, dragging her finger from my anus up to the clit. Her fingers were soft, in sharp contrast to Gopal's thick, rough fingers.

Suma bent down and brought her face very close to my pussy. I could feel her breath on my wet and sensitive pussy. She gently kissed my pussy before lightly licking it. She then dragged her tongue lightly all along the length on my pussy before settling on my clit. She flicked my clit with her tongue several times then proceeded to suck my pussy lips.

The way Suma was licking my pussy made it very clear that this wasn't the first time she was doing this. In fact, I was sure that she had been doing this for several years. She had perfected the art of cunnilingus and was now using all her skills on my pussy. Suma started licking my pussy a little vigorously making me moan. I curled my toes as Suma inserted her tongue into my pussy and licked the insides. I grabbed her head and pushed it further inside to which Suma responded by aggressively licking me.

The things that Suma was doing to me were not only driving me crazy but they were enticing me to try them my self. I wanted to try what she was doing. I also wanted to lick her pussy just the way she had licked mine. I wanted to pleasure her the way she pleasured me.

"Suma...I want to lick your pussy as well" I managed to say in between my moans.

Suma raised her head and smiled at me and said "well...alright but I don't want to stop licking you. Let's do the 69."

We both giggled at her comment and Suma moved towards my head. She swung her left leg over my body and placed it next to my left breast. She expertly adjusted her body so that her pussy was just above my face and her face was right above my pussy. She then lowered her body so that her pussy was just an inch away from my eagerly awaiting my mouth.

Her pussy lips were pink and wet. There was a little hair on her pussy which gave it a very raw look. Her lips had separated and I could see her pink pussy hole. Her chocolate brown asshole was right above her cunt. I just kept staring at her pussy. This was the first time I had seen another woman's pussy from so closely. Her aroma was intoxicating and a big turn on.

Suma's pussy hovered over my face and she very seductively rotated her hips urging me to lick it. Even though I so desperately wanted to lick her pussy, I was a little hesitant. I had never been with a woman and I had not even fantasized about it and suddenly I had a pussy, ready to be devoured an inch away from my face.

Suma perhaps turned around to see what was happening. "C'mon Ruchi madam...lick it" she said.

My face was hidden behind Suma's fleshy thighs and ass obstructing my view. I decided to go for it and lightly flicked her pussy with my tongue. Suma moaned lightly as I flicked it again and again. I was gaining courage to go ahead with this and was now applying more of my tongue to her pussy.

"Looks like you are doing this for the first time madam." Suma said.

"Uuhhuu...yeah" I replied.

"Let me teach you how to lick a woman. You are going to need it the next time" Suma said.

Did she say next time? Was there going to be a next time? The way things were going there was definitely a possibility of this happening again. I didn't mind doing this again.

"Do what I do. Do it with me" Suma said and started licking my pussy.

She licked the entire length of my pussy several time. I also repeated the move. She then licked the perineum and then the anus. I exactly did what she did. Suma then sucked my clit and lightly bit it. I tried to follow her but the pleasure was too intense, so I moaned. As the sensation decreased I too followed suit and sucked her clit. Suma's clit was larger than mine and was very nice to suck on.

I was getting a hang of how to do this and now I started making my own moves. Suma moaned as I licked her pussy. Suma was leaking profusely and I was greedily swallowing her juices. The taste and the smell of her vaginal juices were driving me crazy. We hungrily kept licking each other for several minutes.

I then inserted my middle finger deep into Suma's pussy. Suma moaned loudly as my finger invaded her. She responded by inserting two fingers into my pussy. We both started fingering each other and moaned loudly. Suma fingered me licked me at the same time. I too started doing the same thing. This was some sort of a race, a race too see who would cum first.

The race intensified as we both used our own distinct moves to make each other cum. We were moaning and panting very loudly and our orgasms were approaching fast. My orgasm was just around the corner and when I bit Suma's clit hard. She screamed and orgasmed and started fingering me faster.

Within seconds I too was pushed over the edge and came hard. Suma was a squirter and all her juices fell on my face. I was shocked at first but then I started licking her juices with the same enthusiasm with which I licked Gopal's cum.

As our orgasms subsided, Suma got off me. She turned around and lay next to me. I held her tightly and kissed her hard. I could taste my own juices on her tongue and lips. We broke the kiss and smiled at each other. This was my first time with a woman and perhaps this experience was as good as having sex with a man, perhaps even better.

"Now that was something" I said and giggled.

"This is just the beginning madam...we have so many other moves to try." Suma replied and started sucking my boobs. Suma was a fantastic lover, perhaps a competition to her husband who himself was fucking me on the side.

We rested for a while after which Suma helped me take a hot shower. In a matter of 4 months, I had gone from being a committed woman to a sinful whore. I now had two lovers who were married to each other but oblivious to the fact that I was sleeping with both of them.

Our massage session became a regular feature in our lives. Suma taught me how to make love to a woman. She taught me everything that she knew. The best part about Suma was that her behavior didn't change. While having sex she was my lover but before and after sex, she went back to being my maid. The boss and employee relation was kept intact.

I resumed my daily activities like working out and going to office. Gopal had been away for more than two weeks and I missed him. I was now well rested and ready to get fucked by Gopal.

--------------------------------------------------

A few days later, I was in my office working as usual. I was busy on my laptop with details of the trade expo which was coming up in a couple of months. Suddenly, my cell phone started ringing. I picked it up and looked at the screen. It was Gopal! I picked up the call and heard Gopal's rough voice at the other end.

"Hey Ruchi...I am back in town. I hope you are ready for me." Gopal said.

"I am more than ready for you. I have been waiting so long for you. When are you coming to my place?" I asked him. His voice itself was enough to turn me on and make me wet down there.

"At 8 as usual" he replied.

"Okay...I will be waiting..." I said and ended the call.My heart beat faster thinking of all the nights that we had spent together.

I unknowingly licked my lips thinking of his cock. I finished my work on time and rushed back home. I called up Suma on her cell phone and told her that she should not come tonight as I would be going out for dinner. She agreed without questions, little did she know that her husband was going to fuck me all night.

Gopal came right at 8 pm and we wasted no time in getting each other naked. Very soon we were on the bed with Gopal lying on top of me with, his mouth firmly latched on to my left breast. Gopal was in a hurry. He was having me after a long time and was going nuts.

"Ohhh...I've missed these" he said as he squeezed my boobs hard. He sucked on my nipple hard making me gasp.

"Aahhh...take it easy tiger. We have the whole night to ourselves." I replied as Gopal kept sucking my boobs.

"Ohh Ruchi...you don't know how difficult it has been for me all this while. I have been thinking about your boobs all these days. Now I finally have them...mmmmm" Gopal said as he went back to sucking my boobs.

"I have missed you too my lover. I have missed your cock so much. I want it in my mouth...in my pussy...in my ass...I want you to bathe me with your cum...ohhh" I moaned and grabbed his cock. I started jerking it fast and Gopal responded to it by sucking my boobs harder.

He alternated between my boobs. He kissed and licked the entire breast before focusing his attention on the sensitive nipples. He sucked the nipples making them wet and then blew air on them. The cold air on my hot nipples made me shudder and moan as I grabbed Gopal's head and urged him to suck harder.

Gopal stopped sucking my boobs and came up to kiss me. All the "practice" in the last four months had made Gopal an expert kisser. After a very deep and long kiss, Gopal shifted his attention downward. He started kissing his way down from my chest up to my navel. He spent some time on my stomach kissing it and licking my navel. He then started kissing his way down to my pussy. When he got over my mound, Gopal took a deep breath.

"Your scent always drives me crazy Ruchi" he said.

"Your tongue drives my pussy crazier Gopal" I said.

Gopal smiled and lowered his head between my thighs. I spread my legs wide to give more access to him. Gopal kissed my inner thighs and slowly made his way to my pussy. He flicked my clit with his finger and traced his fingers all over my pussy. He then started to lick my pussy with long and deep strokes. He inserted two fingers in my pussy and started fingering me. He took my clit into his mouth and sucked on it hard. After almost a week of abstinence, this sudden assault on my pussy brought me to my orgasm within a minute.

"Ohh...Ohhhh..Ohhhhh...yeesssss" I moaned loudly as the orgasm hit me. I blacked out for a few seconds as the massive orgasm swept over me. Soon I came back to my senses and saw Gopal near chest, his cock, erect in full glory; his dick head was shining with pre-cum.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-03?page=3

He placed a couple of pillows under my head. My head was tilted in such a way that I could see my whole torso. Gopal straddled my chest, his knees on either side of my boobs. His cock was now just an inch away from my lips. I opened my mouth and Gopal guided his cock into my eagerly waiting mouth. The pre cum tasted delicious!

The long wait had ended and I finally had tasted his cock. The angle of my head prevented me from sucking beyond the head of the cock. I swirled my tongue around the head and kissed it occasionally. I caressed his tight abdomen with my left hand and fondled his balls with my right. I looked up at him and saw that Gopal had thrown back his head and was breathing heavily. He opened his eyes and looked down at me and smiled.

"You look very sexy with my cock in your mouth" he said. I smiled and lightly bit his cock head. Gopal moaned and smiled at me mischievously.

He then started pushing his cock deeper into my mouth and then pulled it back out. He slowly fucked my mouth as I continued to lash my tongue on his cock.

"Suma told me that you had an accident a couple of weeks ago?" he asked, his cock still going in and out of my mouth.

I took his cock out of my mouth, "Yeah...I fell in the bathroom. Suma helped me a lot during the last two weeks" I said and popped his cock back into my mouth and began sucking it again.

"Thank god for Suma. I am happy that you have fully recovered or else I wouldn't have been able to fuck you hard tonight" Gopal said.

"Hehehe...Yeah...Thank god for Suma" I replied and started sucking on his balls. Gopal had no idea about what had happened between me and Suma last week.

"Does Suma have any idea about us?" I asked. I wanted to know if Gopal knew about Suma's 'dark side'.

Gopal looked at me, smiled and said, "Nah...She is going around doing her work and taking care of the family. She has no clue that her husband is fucking her boss behind her back" he replied.

Hearing that statement turned me on even more and I sucked his balls harder. This was so taboo. I, a wealthy, sophisticated woman was lying naked on my own bed, sucking the balls of my maid's husband. The very thought of this would have offended me a few months ago but today I was turned on by it. Gopal moaned as I sucked his balls. I took his balls out of my mouth and gently lifted them and started licking the perineum.

"Ohhh yeahhh...ohhh...That's it Ruchi...my cock sucking whore....aaahhh" Gopal moaned as shivers ran up his spine. "You suck my cock so fine...you should get a medal for this" he said.

I giggled and said, "Thanks for the compliment but your hot cum on my face will be enough."

"How do you think Suma will react if she comes to know about us?" I asked Gopal.

Gopal laughed and said, "She will be pissed off for sure, but she won't utter a word. I know how to handle her. She is very scared of me you know."

Saying that Gopal stuffed his cock back in to my mouth.

I grabbed his taut butt as he began fucking my mouth. He steadily increased his speed and his cock went deeper and deeper into my mouth. After a few more strokes, I gagged. Gopal withdrew and I coughed; tears started flowing down my cheeks.

"Hahaha...still can't take the whole thing" Gopal said.

"It is difficult to tame this monster" I said pointing my finger at his cock. Gopal laughed at the answer.

"Do you fuck Suma just like you fuck me?" I asked.

"What's with this Suma thing today? Why are you so interested in her?" Gopal asked in a confused tone.

"Just answer me Gopal" I persisted.

"Well...Suma isn't a tigress in bed. She is very shy. She does what I ask her to do but is more like a dead fish when it comes to sex." Gopal replied as his cock again disappeared between my lips.

Suma's behavior is exactly opposite to how she behaved with me I thought. My simple looking talkative maid had a complex personality. I sucked his cock for another minute or so before Gopal withdrew from my mouth. He got down and started sucking my boobs. He sucked on them for a while and then licked the space between them. He then placed his cock between my boobs and spat on it. I pushed my boobs together and Gopal started fucking my tits.

Gopal's long cock made smooth and swift strokes between my boobs. His cock was long enough to reach my mouth and I flicked its head with my tongue with his every forward thrust. Gopal moaned at the sensation and started fucking my boobs faster.

"You have competition you know?" I said looking him in the eye.

"What do you mean?" Gopal asked, slowing down his strokes.

"While you were away, I took another lover" I said and giggled.

"What the...Don't you get enough of fucking from me you nymph" Gopal replied without stopping.

"Well...my new lover is different than you. Very delicate and soft" I replied.

"Hahaha...ohhh...so you have chosen a sissy" Gopal said with a tone which clearly displayed his ego.

"My new lover is as innovative and horny as you are" I replied and smiled mischievously at him. I knew Gopal would be riled up at my response.

"Is it so? Why don't we have a session together and then we will see who is a better lover, me or him?"

"Ohh...I'd love that...I have fantasized about it a couple of times" I replied.

"Hmmm....By the way...What is the name of your new lover?" Gopal asked. He was now fucking my tits faster. His eyes were closed and he was moaning loudly.

"Suma" I replied loudly. Gopal immediately opened his eyes and stared at me.

"What did you say?" he asked in utter surprise.

"It's Suma...your wife". I said. Hearing that Gopal's cock twitched wildly; the shock pushed him over the edge.

"Aaahhh....aaahh...oohhh" he moaned loudly as streams after streams of hot cum fell on my face, eyes and some in my hair. Gopal just kept ejecting ropes of thick cum. His orgasm was long, he was cumming after a long time and so there was a lot of spunk in his balls. As the force of his orgasm subsided, some of his cum fell on my neck and upper chest.

"Hahaha...what do you have to say now tiger?" I said mockingly. Gopal didn't reply as he was still reeling from the shock and the orgasm. He got off me and lay down next to me. I picked up his cum and started eating it.

Gopal just laid there, his breath still heavy. He just kept staring at me without uttering a word. I understood that he was shocked. Till now he thought of his wife as a subservient woman who just spread her legs for him. This new piece of news was shocking to say the least. His wife of several years was sleeping with women.

I got up from the bed and went to the bathroom to wash the remnants of cum off my body. I wiped my body with a towel and came back to bed. Gopal was still silent. I lit a couple of cigarettes and passed him one of them. After a couple of puffs, Gopal broke the silence.

"Are you serious about what you said?" he asked. I giggled and nodded. Gopal's expression was priceless. He was fucking his wife's boss who in turn was sleeping with his wife. His facial expression displayed confusion. He was angry and horny at the same time.

"How...When...uhhh..." Gopal stammered, trying to find words.

"Hahaha...I will tell you everything from the beginning." I replied as I burnt out the cigarette and put it into the ash tray. I slipped in to Gopal's arms. Gopal wrapped his right arm around me, squeezing my right breast with his large palm. I gently grabbed his semi erect cock, it still had traces of his cum and my saliva on it. I slowly jerked his cock and started narrating the story of my passionate tryst with Suma.

"It all started when I fell in the bathroom. This was two weeks ago" I said as I started my story. I narrated every minute detail of the events leading to the awesome moments with Suma. As I narrated my story, Gopal's cock slowly grew in my palms. By the time I was done telling him everything, Gopal was absolutely erect.

"Waaow...I didn't know this about Suma. We have been married for 15 years and now I come to know Suma is a bi-sexual. I don't know how to react."

"Well...I know what your cock is thinking" I said and gave his cock a squeeze, making him moan.

"What do you think?" I asked Gopal.

"I have to admit that this is very hot. My wife and my mistress licking each other like crazy is awesome. Two women is always every guy's fantasy" Gopal said. He was now squeezing my boobs harder.

"I know where you are going with this Gopal. I have fantasized about this for a while and I think it will be great." I replied. We were both ready for round two.

"Now fuck me Gopal! Fuck your two timing whore!" I screamed at Gopal.

"Ohh yess you bitch. You fuck my wife behind my back. Now I will punish you for this." Gopal said as he shoved his cock into my pussy in one stroke.

"Ohhhh yesss...Aah...finally!" I exclaimed as I felt Gopal's rod stuff my insides. Gopal started with moderately fast strokes. He knew how I liked it and proceeded precisely. The cock, with its long strokes was doing its magic as intended.

"It would be great fucking you two together. My wife and my bitch sucking my cock at once" he said, his eyes closed as he imagined the scene.

"Ohh yeah baby...that would be great. Suma licks my pussy so well...aah" I said. Gopal increased his speed further. Listening to his wife's antics was turning him on further. He bent down and started sucking my nipples. I ran my hands through his hair, moaning and panting as his cock went deeper into my pussy. He bit my nipples making me moan louder.

"Ohhh...bite them...suck them...Aaah...Gopal...It would be so amazing to have two mouths on my boobs at the same time". I moaned, visualizing Suma sucking my other breast. I would experience best of both worlds; Gopal sucking my boobs roughly, on the other hand Suma being very gentle.

"Ohh yeah...two mouths on my cock would be even better" Gopal said while moving to my other breast. I laughed at his reply, visualizing at the same time how it would feel to share a cock with another woman. If it were to happen, it would be my first time and after experiencing Gopal & Suma in bed I knew it would be mind blowing.

But I was just fantasizing; how would I turn into reality? Suma didn't know about me and Gopal; how would she react to it? How can we make her agree to a threesome with her husband?

My chain of thoughts was broken when Gopal suddenly came up to kiss me. The passionate kiss blanked out the thoughts about Suma and I focused on Gopal. Gopal had become a fantastic kisser; enough to get me dripping wet. Gopal continued kissing me for a several minutes. Gopal took his tongue out of his mouth and I immediately sucked it. In spite of being engrossed in a 'tongue fight', Gopal hadn't slowed down even a little bit.

Gopal finally broke the kiss and stopped fucking me indicating a change of position. The break in the rhythm brought me back to the thoughts of Suma. I definitely wanted her in bed with me and Gopal but we needed to device a strategy as to how to do it.

"Gopal...it is one thing to fantasize about Suma with us but a completely different thing making it a reality." I said.

Gopal nodded his head in agreement, realizing the gravity of the situation. He placed a pillow under my ass. This modification provided more depth to his cock which gave us even more pleasure.

Gopal again came between my thighs, his cock glistening with our juices. I wiped my finger on his cock head and put it into my mouth. I just loved the salty, tangy flavor of our juices. Gopal smiled wickedly and shoved his cock into my pussy. I gasped at the forced entry which was Gopal's specialty.

Soon Gopal and I settled into a rhythm. "Any bright ideas sweetheart?" I asked him.

"Suma doesn't know about us...so talking to her about this would be a difficult task. Even I don't know how she will react. We need a different approach to this." Gopal replied. I wrapped my legs around his waist and pulled his closer. Gopal bent down to kiss me and I grabbed his cheeks to kiss him back.

Gopal broke the kiss and continued fucking me. "We need to trap her in a situation where she can't escape" I said. I grabbed his ass and pulled him deeper.

"Yeah...but how?" Gopal replied.

"I don't know as yet...but don't worry, we will figure it out" I said and smiled at Gopal. He smiled back at me and started fucking me harder. He grabbed my boobs and just kept ramming me very hard. My moans turned into screams of pleasure as another orgasm hit me.

As my orgasm subsided, Gopal turned me over to my side. He lay down behind me and we were now in spoons position. He lifted my right leg in the air and pushed his cock into my pussy. This position was amongst my favorite, especially with Rohit. This is a very romantic position but can also be equally hardcore.

Gopal started fucking me very gently. I turned my head towards Gopal and our lips met. Gopal gently cupped my boobs and squeezed them tenderly. From fucking me like an animal a minute ago, Gopal was now making love to me. This unpredictability always amazed me and today was no different.

Gopal switched from kissing my lips to sucking my boobs. As Gopal gently fucked me, a brilliant idea struck me. "Got it" I said, loud enough to startle Gopal. He stopped stroking me and looked at me with bewilderment.

"What happened?" he asked me.

"I know how to get Suma to bed with us" I replied.

"How?" Gopal asked.

"We have to catch her in the act. If we confront her in the bed itself, she will have no chance to counter question us." I said as if I had solved the biggest question of the universe. At least this question was big enough for me. Gopal had now stopped fucking me and his cock was out of my pussy.

"How are we supposed to catch her in the act?" he asked.

"We will confront her when she and I are having sex. I will take her to bed like I usually do. I will also give you keys to the apartment. When the right time comes, you enter and catch us." I laid down the grand plan of Suma's seduction.

"Sounds perfect in theory." He said, still not convinced by my plan.

"Well...How things exactly pan out and how Suma reacts is something we can never predict but at least this plan gives us a chance." I clarified.

"You have to get her sufficiently turned on to get a favorable reaction from her." Gopal said.

"You leave that to me. I will get her dripping like a faucet in no time" I said and smiled at Gopal.

"Hahahaha...That's like a good whore; I know you will you will have her moaning in no time." Gopal said.

"Now why have you stopped fucking me...Fuck Me!!" I said and lightly slapped Gopal on his ass.

"Yes madam...with pleasure" Gopal replied. He shoved his cock back into my pussy and began fucking me. The idea that Suma could be in bed with us soon had turned us both on. Gopal spooned me for a couple of minutes before stopping.

"Be the bitch you really are Ruchi...I am going to take you from behind." He said and slapped my ass hard.

"Oww...fuck me you dog." I scowled. I took his cock into my mouth and sucked on it. After getting it sufficiently wet, I got on all fours with Gopal behind me, his cock just a couple of inches from my pussy.

I spread my legs wide to give Gopal an awesome view of my wet and waiting pussy. He slurped at the sight and got closer to my pussy. He rubbed his cock on my pussy a couple of times and then roughly shoved it in. "Aaah...." I gasped and tightly squeezed the bed sheet in my palms.

Gopal began fucking me at top gear. He grabbed my ass and fucked me with all his strength. The fierce assault on my pussy left me moaning and panting in a matter of seconds. Gopal slapped and squeezed my ass frequently. He then grabbed my hair and pulled it hard making me scream in pain.

Gopal's rampage continued as he kept hammering my pussy. His huge balls slapped against my sensitive and wet pussy making a loud noise. The room was filled with sounds of my screams, Gopal's moans and balls smacking. I brought my hand underneath us and started fondling his balls. Gopal moaned at my actions and increased his speed.

"Ohhh...Fuck me Gopal...fuck me...c'mon...you are so good..." I said, encouraging him. I looked back to enjoy the sight of my lover's expression.

Gopal stopped and then asked me to lie down on my stomach. I did so with his cock still buried deep inside my pussy. He then resumed fucking me. Gopal came up to me and turned my head to kiss me. Gopal fucked me in that position for several minutes. After a while his strokes got erratic and I realized that he was about to cum.

"I am going to cum...aah" Gopal screamed.

"Cum... insideeee... meeee..aah aah " I screamed back at him.

A couple of more strokes triggered his orgasm and he screamed loudly as he emptied his nut sack into my pussy. Gopal's orgasm triggered my orgasm and I screamed in pleasure. I could feel the hot, thick semen ooze from his cock into my pussy filling it completely.

"Aaaahhh...that was amazing Ruchi" Gopal said as he withdrew his cock from my pussy. I immediately turned and took his cock into my mouth. I sucked and licked all cum on his cock cleaning it completely in a minute.

I lay down on the bed, my mind still high on the orgasmic rush. I watched in awe as cum flowed down my thighs. I scooped a glob of cum from my pussy and ate it.

"So Ruchi...when should we implement your genius plan?" asked Gopal.

"At the first chance we get. I am going to be busy for a few days during which I also will figure out everything. Till then we have to stay quiet. Once the right opportunity comes by...we strike!" I replied as the evil genius inside me awakened.

"Hahaha...you are the devil..." Gopal said.

"Hehe...Yes I am" I replied.

"I have trained you well" Gopal said and laughed.

"That you have..." I replied and laughed with him.

"I hope the opportunity comes soon...I can't wait to fuck you two together." Gopal said, his cock started getting hard.

"I hope so too...but till then..." I said as I bent down and swallowed his cock. Gopal moaned and grabbed my hair as another round for the night began.

To be continued.....
