a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-04

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-04

The plan to seduce Suma into bed with me and Gopal took a back seat in the next few days. I had been busy with my professional and personal commitments.

Even though I loved having sex with Suma and Gopal, I made sure that my sex life didn't interfere with my career.

I was busy with the preparations for the massive trade expo which was to be held in Bangalore. This trade expo gave me an opportunity to highlight my company. The event attracted several high profile potential clients which enthusiastically scouted for potential suppliers. Even though my company had a good reputation in the market, I wanted to take this opportunity to expand my market to a new level.

I got so busy with work that I completely ignored Suma and Gopal. The workaholic Ruchi was hell bent on making this trade expo a success. The day of the trade expo finally arrived. Our marketing & sales team was out in full force and was aggressively pitching our products to several companies.

We managed to convert several clients but one client stood out from the crowd. The company was called Globodyne. It was a conglomerate with business interest in over 100 countries and was one of the Fortune 500. I personally took charge of the sales pitch and managed to impress the representatives of Globodyne.

The representatives of Globodyne said that they were impressed by us and would definitely tell their superiors about our company. Thus at the end of the two day expo, my company had secured several clients and perhaps had hooked a huge client.

Once the trade expo was over, the work load decreased significantly and I was now looking for a break. I remembered Gopal and our plan to seduce Suma. I had kept all this on the back burner for a while but now that I was free, it was time to implement what I and Gopal had decided.

I thought about the various scenarios that could be played out to seduce Suma. The plan had to be well thought out because the whole situation would turn on us if we didn't handle this properly.

One day while at work, I called up Gopal on his cell phone. I knew he would be annoyed at me for ignoring him for so long.

"Hi Gopal" I said as soon as Gopal picked up the phone.

"Where the hell have you been bitch? Got bored of my cock?" Gopal said sounding very annoyed.

"Hahaha...bored of your cock? Is that even possible? I was busy with work. Suma must have told you. I am free these days, let's catch up." I said trying to pacify my lover.

"Hahaha...my whore misses my cock?" Gopal asked.

"Ohh yess I do and I also want to talk to you about our plan" I replied sounding naughty.

"Ohhh yeaah...the plan...I will come to your place tonight at the usual time. Is that okay?

"Yup...I will be waiting...hehehe" I said and disconnected the call.

I spent the night with Gopal's cock in my mouth and my ass. We discussed our plan and finalized it. Coming weekend we were going to implement it.

The rest of the week past very slowly or at least it felt like that. The very idea of me sharing Gopal with Suma was a massive turn on.

Suma was oblivious to our plan and went around doing her work. I had kept my distance from her and our love making sessions had completely stopped. I wanted her to be completely ready for our plan. Suma did try to get intimate with me but I always avoided saying I was busy or gave some other excuse. Suma was now getting desperate and I could see her frustration mount.

The day finally came when I would spin my web around her. I usually didn't call Suma to work on Friday's because I spent Friday nights with Gopal. But today was different. I asked Suma to show up to work on Friday evening so that she could cook for me. I had given Gopal a spare key so that he could enter with ease.

On Friday evening, when I usually had Gopal's cock deep inside my pussy, I was sitting in my living room eagerly waiting for Suma. The door bell rang at around 6 pm. I knew it was Suma. I opened the door and saw Suma standing there. I flashed a wide smile. Suma was a little surprised but she smiled at me as well. I let her in and she proceeded towards the kitchen. I moved to my bedroom and picked up my cell phone. I gave a missed call to Gopal which was a signal indicating that I was going to make my move soon.

I then slowly proceeded to the kitchen. Suma was busy with the preparations for lunch. She noticed me but pretended that she didn't and kept doing her work. I stood behind her and wrapped my arms around her waist. I kissed her neck and lightly bit her earlobe. Suma sighed and pushed her head backwards.

"I want you Suma...I've missed you..." I said as I gently cupped her soft breasts.

"I've been waiting for this for weeks. But you have been ignoring me all this while." She replied.

"I am sorry...but all I want now is you..." I said.

Suma turned around to face me. We looked at each other and we slowly came closer. I tilted my head slightly and kissed Suma on her lips. Suma moaned as I slowly munched on her lower lip. The passion and intimacy I shared with Suma was in stark contrast to Gopal's. The saying was right; a woman really knows how to make love. I would soon be enjoying both!

I broke the kiss and grabbed Suma's hand. I then started walking towards the bedroom with Suma following me. Usually I would be following Suma but today I had taken charge of things. I knew that if I wanted things to go my way, I had to be in charge.

"Ohhh...looks like you want it bad..." Suma said as we hurried towards the bedroom.

"You have no idea..." I replied.

We entered the bedroom and I pushed her on the bed. "Aaoow" Suma screamed as she landed on the bed with a thud. I quickly got on top of her and started kissing her. Suma who by now was completely turned on kissed me back hard. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me making our kiss even more passionate. She inserted her right hand inside my shirt and caressed my back while her left hand clutched my hair hard.

We were both moaning in each other's mouths, exchanging saliva as if it was the nectar of immortality. I broke the kiss and took of my T shirt. My bra encased boobs were now for available for Suma's visual treat. I pulled the pallu of her sari away and dug my fingers into the top of her blouse. I pulled hard on her blouse, tearing it completely.

"Whoa...hehehe..." Suma reacted as her blouse was ripped. Suma's large brown breasts were now free from the shackles of her tight blouse. They moved up and down with her each heavy breath. I cupped her boobs and squeezed them lightly. Suma closed her eyes and sighed in response.

I rubbed her chocolate brown nipples with my thumbs. I held her nipples between my forefingers and thumbs and started rubbing them. I bent down and flicked her nipple with my tongue. Suma moaned as she enjoyed the moment. I kissed and licked her entire left breast making it wet with my saliva. The brown skin of her boobs shinned under the wetness.

"Ohhh...c'mon madam...don't tease me...suck my nipples..." Suma moaned as she ran out of patience.

My idea was working! Suma was under my spell and another few minutes would give me complete control over her. I hoped Gopal came on time. In this case timing was important, not too soon and not too late, he had to be here on time to enjoy the show.

I obliged to Suma's begging and began sucking her boobs. Suma sighed loudly as she felt on my hot tongue on her uber sensitive nipples. "ohh yesss" she sighed as I nibbled her boobs. I straightened up and took off my T shirt. I had worn nothing underneath, so my breasts directly into the view.

Suma grabbed and squeezed them immediately. I moaned and bent down and kissed her hard.

I got off her and assumed another position. Now Suma was lying on her back, I crawled up behind her such that my boobs were right above her mouth and my mouth was above her boobs. From this position I could easily see the bedroom door. We both started sucking each other's boobs. Suma soft tongue on my erect nipples was making me go crazy. I extended my hand over to her pussy and started fingering her.

Suma moaned and bit my nipples which made me scream in turn. Even though I was very much involved in the act, my mind was still waiting for Gopal to arrive. I knew he would come and so till then I decided to focus on Suma.

Our mutual tit sucking continued for several minutes as we both moaned and sighed. Suddenly, I noticed some movement at the door. I raised my head to see Gopal taking off his clothes. We both smiled at each other. He took off his clothes and just stood there jerking his cock. I motioned him to come close with my finger. Gopal slowly started walking towards the bed trying not to make any sound. Suma whose vision was blocked by my rack just kept on sucking.

She realized that I had stopped sucking her tits. She put her hand on my head and pushed in downwards on her breasts. I resumed sucking them. Gopal was now standing right next to the bed. It was now time to reveal the surprise!

I straightened up so that Suma could see Gopal. As soon as she saw him, Suma just stiffened up. Her skin grew pale as if she had seen a ghost. I just watched and tried to avoid laughing at Suma as she saw her husband naked, stroking his cock, smiling at her. She looked at me trying to figure out what was happening. I too like Gopal just kept smiling at her.

I knew what was going on in her mind. She must be wondering if this was a nightmare. A thousand questions rose as she tried to gauge the situation.

Without uttering a word, I just went to Gopal and kissed his cock. I took it into my mouth and gave a hard suck. Gopal moaned and smiled back at Suma.

"What the hell is going on here?" Suma asked as she sat up.

"What do you think?" I said as I squeezed and jerked Gopal's cock.

"Gopal...you have been sleeping with madam?" she asked Gopal.

Gopal laughed and said, "You have been too". I laughed to that as well.

"When did this start?" Suma asked, still trying to get things straight.

"Few months ago. Gopal "persuaded" me into this" I replied to Suma and winked at Gopal.

Gopal laughed and said, "Well...that is one way of saying it". Suma now had a pretty good idea of what was going on.

"But....but..." Suma stammered trying to frame a question.

"Oh Suma...what is wrong with this? If you can sleep with me, then why can't Gopal? And why can't we all have a great time together?" I interjected.

"What do you mean?" asked a wide eyed Suma.

"You know what she means honey" Gopal replied with a wide grin on his face.

"This is wrong..." Suma said as she raised her guard.

"Why does this have to be wrong Suma? If we can enjoy this then why is it wrong?" I asked as I gently took her hand in mine.

Suma didn't have an answer. Her reaction was a natural response to the situation. It never happens that a woman shares bed with her husband and her lover. Suma was just replying the way the one would expect her to. Even though her guard was up, it was weak and crumbling.

Gopal sat down on the bed next to us. Suma was now trapped between her husband and me. Her breathing was heavy and beads of sweat formed on her forehead. She looked at both of us turn by turn, still not sure of what was going on and how she was supposed to deal with it.

I grabbed her head from behind and turned it towards me and gently kissed her. Suma at first did not respond to the kiss. She kept her lips sealed and didn't move them. I continued kissing as I knew it was just a matter of time before she gave up.

In the meanwhile, Gopal moved to her breasts. He clamped his mouth on her nipple and sucked on it. Suma shivered at the dual assault. Her mental fort was fast collapsing under the sexual siege. Unable to resist, Suma opened her mouth and began kissing me back. This encouraged me and I kissed her more passionately. I took her hand and placed it on my breast which Suma squeezed gently.

Gopal was now sucking her breasts hard, making a sucking sound as he pulled her nipple with his mouth. Suma and I moaned into each others mouths as we gave and received pleasure.

Suma broke the kiss and pulled Gopal away from her breasts and said, "This is so wrong."

"Well that makes it even hotter" Gopal said as he pulled his wife towards him and kissed her.

Suma melted in her husband's arms as he passionately kissed her. Perhaps this was the first time he was kissing his wife the way he should have. Their kiss was so intense; it felt as if this was their fist kiss. Gopal and Suma had reignited their passion. Suma wrapped her arms around Gopal's neck and kissed him harder. Their kiss lasted for several minutes as I just sat there watching the love making couple. My hand unknowingly made its way to my pussy and started fingering it.

"Uhhmmm...Uhhmmm" I said as I now started feeling left out. Gopal and Suma broke their kiss and smiled at me. Suma was actually blushing and averting her eyes in shame.

"Well...I would love to have some action as well" I said in mock anger. They both giggled like teenagers and started crawling towards me. I lay down on the bed followed by Suma and Gopal on my either side. They both gently cupped my breasts and brought down their mouths on them. I gasped as they sealed their mouths on my boobs and sucked them.

Just as I imagined, I thought as I experienced two different styles of sucking. Suma sucked like a baby and Gopal sucked like hungry wolf. I wrapped my hands around each of their heads and pulled them closer. Gopal started biting my boobs which made me moan louder. I looked at him and winked. He smiled and came up to me and kissed me. Gopal went back to sucking my boobs with the same enthusiasm.

This was the first time that I was getting both my boobs sucked at the same time. This was a unique and a very pleasurable experience. I suggest that every girl should experience it at least once in her lifetime. Gopal's hard cock was rubbing against my waist as he sucked my boobs. My waist had become wet and sticky from all the pre cum that oozed from his cock.

I slipped my hand between our bodies and grabbed his cock. It was hard and ready to go. I started jerking it and Gopal moaned. I looked at Suma who was busy sucking my right breast. "Suma...I want to suck you husband's cock. Can I? " I asked feigning innocence.

Suma stopped sucking my breast and smiled at me and nodded. Gopal stood up on the bed followed by us. We kneeled before him and watched in awe as his shinning dong stood erect in full glory with its massive ball sack hanging beneath it.

I looked at Suma and said, "Let's start together".

Suma giggled and said, "Sure".

We both extended our tongues and started licking the entire length of his cock from each side. Gopal moaned as two sexy woman pleasured his cock. Our tongues met at the cock head and we kissed with the cock head still between our mouths. Gopal smiled at our slutty behavior, clearly enjoying it. The unfolding scene resembled a scene from a porn movie. A man with a huge dick getting his cock sucked my two women who also pleasured each other.

Suma went back to licking his shaft while I decided to focus on the head. I sucked on the head with my tongue licking the underside of his head. Gopal's unusually large cock head always was the center of my affection. Gopal who usually was so aggressive always went weak when I sucked his cock head. I loved the feeling of being in control!

I stopped sucking Gopal's cock and let Suma take over. As soon as Suma's mouth replaced mine, I went down to gobble up his balls. Gopal moaned as his balls moved around in my mouth.

"Is it the way you imagined?" I asked Gopal.

"Much better" he replied with a big smile on his face.

I smiled back at him and went back to sucking his balls. I brought my hand behind him and slapped his butt hard. Gopal yelped and jerked forwards stuffing more of his cock down the throat of an unsuspecting Suma. She gagged and immediately let go off his cock.

I and Gopal started laughing hard and Suma soon joined us in the laughter. "Let me show you how the experts do it" I said and took Gopal's cock inside my mouth. I slowly gobbled up his cock steadily making my way to the edge of the shaft. Within seconds I reached the end; his pubic hair tickled my nose making me loose my concentration. I withdrew and looked at her. She was looking at me as if I had achieved a world record.

"In all these married years I have never been able to do that and you did it so easily." She said clearly impressed by my skills.

"Perhaps I am a natural at this" I said and laughed.

"I agree to that" Gopal said and we all laughed.

"You try it" I said encouraging Suma to deep throat her husband.

She nodded and started swallowing his cock. She easily made it half way before gagging. I held her head from behind to arrest her withdrawal and to push her further. Suma kept on going with a little help from me and soon she had achieved it. She stayed like that for a few seconds before letting go.

She again swallowed his cock and this time deep throated him easily. A couple of more attempts and she was now doing it perfectly. Gopal had no complaints. He just stood there and watched in awe as his wife and his mistress took turns to suck his cock. He had achieved what every guy dreamed of!

Suma continued sucking his cock while I moved to her breasts. Her large chocolate brown nipples were so irresistible. I just couldn't get enough of her magnificent jugs. I now understood why Gopal was so obsessed with my breasts. Once you get hooked on to a pair of knockers, you just can't go back.

I got up and moved to sucking Gopal's nipple. Gopal moaned as I did that. He just loved it when I took initiative to do such things to him. He just couldn't handle it and he pulled me up and kissed me hard.

My pussy was leaking and I needed a tongue on it fast. I stopped kissing Gopal and asked Suma to lick my pussy. She smiled and nodded. "Let's get completely naked first" I said as I stood up on the bed to slide my pajamas down. I stepped out of them and my fair, hairless pussy came into view. Gopal and Suma licked their lips on seeing my pussy. Then Gopal and I helped Suma get out of her sari and her petticoat. We were all naked now and ready.

I lay down on the bed and Suma moved between my thighs. I arched my back and sighed as I felt Suma's tongue on my pussy. I held her head and pulled her more into my pussy. Suma was an expert pussy licker, better than Gopal. She, being a woman knew the right places and how each touch felt. Only a woman knows how to actually lick a pussy.

Gopal stood at the edge of the bed enjoying the scene of two women in bed. I don't know why men have such fascination with lesbians? He stood there jerking his cock with his mouth wide open. Perhaps it was hard for him to fathom whether this was really happening or this was a dream.

"Gopal...don't be left out. Join us! Come here baby...I want to suck your cock" I said. Gopal immediately got on the bed and came near me. He kneeled down next to me and I turned my face towards his cock and took it into my mouth.

Gopal's cock slowly moved in and out of my mouth as I swirled my tongue around it. I wrapped my right hand around his butt and took him deeper inside my mouth. My left hand was still on Suma's head making sure it stayed there.

I placed my legs on Suma's shoulder such that my ass was raised. This gave her better access to my pussy and to my asshole. As soon as I did it, she shifted her attention to my asshole. She rimmed by asshole with her tongue making me writhe in pleasure. Seeing me in that state; Gopal decided to add fuel to the fire. He pinched my nipples hard making me squeal in pain and pleasure. I sucked him harder and deeper, fondling his balls, making him moan.

Gopal grabbed my head from behind and raised it to let more and more of his cock into my mouth. I was about to gag but I did not want to let his cock out of my mouth. So, I relaxed my throat and let his dick slide down my mouth. This was better than I imagined! The plan had succeeded! I was being sandwiched by a husband and wife couple and it was mind blowing.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-04?page=2

"Let me taste that pussy Suma" Gopal said as he removed his cock from my mouth. Suma was so busy licking my pussy that she didn't hear her husband.

"Suma...Suma..." Gopal said a little loudly.

"Huh" Suma said as she raised her head from between my thighs.

Gopal and I laughed as Suma blushed. Her face was covered with my juices. She looked so sexy that I just wanted to kiss her.

"Well...she just can't get enough of my pussy, can she?" I said as I stopped laughing. Suma smiled coyly at my statement and nodded her head.

"If it is so good, then why don't you let your husband taste it" I said.

"Okay, but only if you lick my pussy" she said as she moved aside.

"You don't have to ask Suma...I am going to do it anyways." I replied as Gopal took her place and Suma came close to me. She bent down and kissed me and I could taste my own juices on her lips. I cleaned all my juices of her mouth and went back to kissing her.

"Hmmmmm..." I moaned in her mouth as I felt Gopal's rough tongue on my clit. I pushed my pussy more towards him as he continued licking me.

"I just love the way you husband licks my pussy" I whispered into Suma's ears.

"I know...he is just awesome, isn't he?" Suma replied as she looked into my eyes. Her look was intense, displaying her lust. Our lips locked into a very intense kiss. Our tongues mashed into each other like a death match. I extended my arm over to her pussy and caressed it gently.

Suma broke the kiss and swung her right leg over my chest and placed it on the other side of my body. Her pussy was now right above my face. She slowly lowered it towards my mouth. I extended my tongue to meet her pussy and latched it firmly like a plug and a socket.

"Aaahhh" Suma moaned as my tongue moved all over her pussy. Her musky scent and salty taste was intoxicating. I grabbed her fleshy ass and pulled her as I drove my tongue into her pussy. Suma rotated her hips smothering me with her pussy. I grabbed her boobs and pinched her nipples. I fucked her pussy with my tongue making her squeal in joy.

Suma grabbed my hair hard and pulled me.

Gopal was also doing his magic on my pussy. He was moving his tongue on my pussy in a circular motion. It was his signature move. I liked to call it 'The Tongue Tornado'. It made me cum in a matter of seconds and he knew how much I loved it. He steadily increased his speed as my orgasm fast approached.

I was breathing heavily and licking Suma intensely triggering her orgasm. Gopal's actions had started a chain of events which was going to culminate into two huge orgasms. Gopal's speed reached a crescendo when he suddenly inserted his two thick fingers deep into my pussy.

That pushed me off the edge. I screamed and arched my back as a huge orgasm swept over me. It hit me while I was still sucking Suma so I bit her clit hard. Suma too screamed and squirted her juices on my face. We both writhe and shivered as the orgasm seemed to never end. I was almost knocked out from the force of that orgasm.

I don't know how long it took for us to recover but when we finally did, Suma was lying next to me and Gopal was sucking my boobs. I just started laughing for no reason. I just couldn't control it. Seeing me like that, Suma started laughing too. Gopal looked at us and smiled with his mouth still busy on my nipples.

I pulled both of them towards me and showered their faces with kisses. "I love you guys" I said before landing a kiss on each of their lips. All three of us extended our tongues at each other; our tongues wriggled on each other. A bond had formed between us. A bond of desire, pleasure and an unending lust.

A few months ago, I was alone, missing my fiancée, in a strange town with no friends. But today I had the company of the two most amazing lovers one could get. I had everything! I thanked my luck for allowing Gopal to rape me and making me fall in the bathroom. These events had led to this day, where I was naked with a man and a woman and was thoroughly enjoying my first threesome!

After a little rest, we decided to proceed. Gopal's cock had gone a little limp and needed encouragement. Suma and I immediately set to the task of making Gopal 'rise' to the occasion. We were sucking his cock like our life depended on it. Even a seventy year old man's cock will get erect when two sexy and willing women are sucking it, and then Gopal was still a strong young man.

He got erect in no time and we made it extra wet with a generous slobbering of our saliva. Gopal was now ready to fuck our pussies to kingdom come

"Whom do I fuck first? My wife or my whore? This is so very difficult" Gopal asked himself mockingly. Suma and I laughed as we wrapped our hands around each other's waist.

"I've got an idea! Why don't we two ladies contest on who gets to fuck you first?" I said, suggesting that Suma and I compete for Gopal's cock.

"Sounds exciting" Suma said.

"Perfect. You two ladies do what you can to prove that you deserve my cock first". Gopal said sitting on the edge of the bed like a king ordering his subjects.

"You go first Suma" I said.

"Alright" Suma replied as she placed a hand on her hip and gave a sexy pose. I immediately went and switched on the music player and put on some music. Suma was posing very seductively, accentuating her assets. I must commend that in spite of being a half literate maid, Suma was very aware of her sensuality. She turned around to give us a view of her voluptuous body. She had a body to die for; any hot blooded man would have fucked her.

She grabbed her large breasts and squeezed them, making a slutty expression. She then sucked on her own tit which was very sexy. She turned around and got on her fours with her ass facing us. She started jiggling it, turning her head around to wink at us. I and Gopal whistled at the on going show. Suma slapped her ass a couple of times. She then inserted her middle finger in her pussy and licked it. She continued for another minute before stopping.

Now it was my turn. I went to the other end of the room and turned around to face Gopal. I slowly and very seductively did a cat walk towards the bed. My expression was intense and sexy. I stopped a couple of feet away from the bed and turned around.

I bent down from the waist, looking at Gopal from between my legs. Gopal's eyes were wide enough to pop out. I giggled looking at him. I then straightened up and twirled around like a ballerina displaying my hot body.

I got on my fours and crawled towards Gopal looking him in the eye as I approached him. I gave a very light lick on his balls before standing up. I straddled Gopal and slowly brought my body down, rubbing my breasts on his face before our eyes met. Gopal was quiet and was breathing heavily. I got off him and stood next to Suma.

"That's enough! Come here ladies, sit on my lap and let me tell you the winner." Gopal said as he motioned us to sit on his lap. We both sat on each of his thigh. Gopal sucked on our tits turn by turn for a minute.

"You two ladies put on a great show and I have decided who I will fuck first. The winner is....Ruchi!!!" Gopal said.

"Yaayyy...Wohooo" I said as I raised my hands in the air. Suma laughed and clapped. I gave Suma a very wet kiss as a token of appreciation for her fine performance.

"Now give me my prize Gopal!" I said and got off his lap and lay down on the bed.

"I will be honored!" he replied as he got on the bed and placed himself between my thighs. Suma, who was in no mood to be left out, sat on my face facing Gopal.

Gopal started rubbing his cock on my pussy. He rubbed my clit vigorously making me moan. He kept rubbing my pussy with his cock for a few minutes more before placing it at the entrance of my pussy. I braced for a shove and tightened my pussy. Gopal, expecting an easy entry was surprised how my pussy felt so tight.

All the kegel exercises in the last few months made that possible. Gopal slowly inserted his cock into my pussy. As his cock went deeper and deeper, I started licking Suma's pussy.

"Hmmmm" I moaned as Gopal finally managed to shove his cock completely. He started stoking slowly, withdrawing his cock slowly and pushing it in again.

"You're so tight Ruchi...Aaah...amazing" he moaned as he steadily increased his pace.

I couldn't reply as my mouth was busy licking Suma's pussy. Suma was now flowing and I lapped her juices as if it were nectar. Gopal was now fucking me faster. My body jerked as he shoved his cock and drilled me. He bent down and latched his mouth onto Suma's breasts but continued fucking me with the same pace.

"Ohhhh....Aaahh...." Suma moaned as her orgasm approached. She was rotating her hips faster on my mouth, pushing her pussy into my face. It was becoming difficult for me to breath but I kept on sucking with the same enthusiasm.

"Aayyiii...Aaahhhh...." She moaned as her orgasm hit her. Suma squirted her juices all over my face and collapsed on me with her head near my pussy. She got off me and I saw Gopal, his eyes displayed the lust. I looked down my body to see his massive tool tearing apart my pussy. The sight of Gopal drilling me always amazed me. The fact that I could accommodate him so easily was enough to surprise me.

Gopal placed his hands on the bed besides me and I wrapped my legs around his waist as Gopal started fucking deeper and faster. I moaned loudly and grabbed the white satin bed sheet beneath me as the pressure of my own orgasm started building.

Suma, who had by now recovered from her orgasm, got back into action. She sucked my right breast as she fondled the left. "Aah...Aah...oooohh" I moaned as the orgasm inched closer. I wanted to prolong this one. I wanted to make it big, explosive, so I tried but the cock inside my pussy just wouldn't let me.

Gopal perhaps sensed this and abruptly stopped fucking me just before my orgasm. He withdrew from my pussy, his cock made a 'plop' sound as the head emerged out of the depths of my pussy. He grabbed Suma by her hair and stuffed his cock into her mouth. "Hmmmppfff" Suma exclaimed at the sudden assault. Gopal roughly fucked her mouth and winked looking at me.

This man is an animal I thought and smiled. After a minute of fucking Suma's mouth, Gopal shoved his cock back into my hole. As he stroked me, the orgasm that I thought had waned away quickly caught up. Gopal sensing my orgasm closing in increased his speed. My moans grew louder and deeper.

"Ohhhh yeah...that's it...just a little...just a little...yeah...yeah....aaahhh" I screamed as the orgasm hit me. Gopal increased his speed even as I came making the orgasm more intense. Suma stopped sucking my breasts as I jerked violently from the orgasm. As soon as the orgasm ended, I managed to open my eyes, my head was still a little heavy but I didn't want to miss any of the action.

I saw that Gopal had made Suma lie down on her back and was about to enter her. "Wait!" I said and crawled up to him and took his cock into my mouth. I could taste my own pussy juices as I sucked Gopal. I taste pretty well I thought to myself, no wonder Suma was so obsessed with it. I sucked him for a minute before placing his cock on her pussy.

As soon as I did that, Gopal shoved it right into her. Suma screamed but muffled them with her own hands. Gopal started fucking his wife very roughly. Usually with me, he started off steadily with long and deep strokes but right now he was mauling Suma's pussy. He dragged his cock right up to the edge of her pussy before shoving it back inside. Suma's body jerked and she yelped in pain every time he did this.

"You are hurting her Gopal" I said worrying about Suma.

"Well...that's how she likes it" Gopal answered as he continued his hard stokes.

"Oh...well do you like that Suma?" I asked Suma, looking at her. She nodded in affirmative, biting her lips, keeping her eyes closed and enjoying her husband's actions. I was now relieved and decided to sit back and watch the couple make some rough love. I just lay down next to Suma, spread my legs and began fingering myself. After a couple of minutes of fingering my clit, I realized that my finger wasn't enough and I had to get back into the game.

I got on top of Suma such that our pussies were right above each other. I grabbed her face and kissed her to which Suma responded my wrapping her hands around my neck and pulling me closer. Gopal had his own agenda. He had two pussies right above each other waiting to be fucked. He could fuck only one at a time but didn't want to leave the other one waiting. So he cleverly came up with an idea.

As he fucked Suma, he inserted three of his rough, thick fingers into my pussy and started fingering. After a couple of stokes, he shoved his cock into my pussy and fingered Suma. Suma was now scratching my back, making it clear that her orgasm was near. I broke the kiss and looked back at Gopal. "She is close...fuck her" I told him. Gopal nodded and shoved his cock into Suma pussy. The force of the penetration was enough to push Suma over the edge.

Suma was completely exhausted and she just laid there like a log. I could understand her. Sex with Gopal was very demanding and tiring but I had gotten used to it and was ready for more! I got off Suma.

"Are you going to cum today or are you looking to set a world record?" I jokingly asked Gopal. I and Suma had cum several times but Gopal was showing no signs of cumming. Gopal laughed at my comment as he pushed on my back. I immediately got on my fours and Gopal moved behind me. Gopal slowly inserted his cock into my pussy and started fucking me with steady, medium paced strokes.

After a few strokes, Gopal grabbed my shoulders and started fucking me really hard. His balls slapped against my pussy filling the whole room with its distinct sound. "Aah...Aah...Aah" I moaned rhythmically as Gopal hit the right spots. I opened my eyes and saw Suma lying there with her hands behind her head. She watched, mesmerized by the view in front of her, her husband ramming my pussy.

After a couple of minutes, I sensed Gopal's cock was tightening and I knew he was close to an orgasm. "Cum on both of us" I said as I turned my head to look at him. Gopal immediately withdrew his cock while I lay down next to Suma. Gopal came between us and started jerking his cock. I took my tongue and squeezed my boobs in anticipation of his impeding orgasm. I knew it was going to be a big one; one enough for both me and Suma.

"Here it comes bitches!!!" Gopal grunted as his cock ejected thick ropes of cum. The first strand fell right on my nose. The second one landed on Suma forehead. Suma squirmed and giggled as her husband ejaculated on her. The third one landed on my breasts and the rest smaller drops landed on my stomach.

I immediately turned towards Suma and started licking of the cum on face and kissed her. Suma reciprocated by licking of all the cum on my body. She gently scooped of every drop of cum off my body and shared it with my through a kiss. The salty cum mixed with her saliva was amazing. Once we were done cleaning each other, we focused our attention to Gopal. Suma and I licked and cleaned his cock thoroughly before we all three collapsed on the bed.

I turned to Suma and asked her," So...how was it?"

"Amazing...I am glad this happened" she replied, blushing a little.

"Both of you are just awesome. This is no doubt the best sex I have ever had." Gopal interjected.

"Thanks" said I and Suma at the same time and started to laugh.

I gently cupped Gopal's cock and fondled it. Suma focused her attention on his nipples by sucking them. Soon, Gopal's cock showed signs of life. I jerked his harder and soon he was fully erect.

"Look Suma." I said and stopped jerking his cock.

Suma looked at his hard cock and flashed a naughty smile at me.

"Do you want to do this again?" I asked her and she nodded.

"Alright...but this time we will take him in the ass" I said with a devilish smile.

Suma was shocked to hear this. Her expression made it clear that she had never tried it. I remembered my reaction when Gopal mentioned it to me the first time and I smiled to myself.

"I haven't done this in my entire life...I won't be able to take him in there." Suma said with a tone of fear.

"Don't worry dear...it will be alright" Gopal said. I got on all fours and Gopal positioned his cock at my asshole. Suma looked on with wide eyes as Gopal's thick cock prepared to invade my ass.

"Suma...Let me show you how the experts do it!!!" I said and winked at her before Gopal shoved his cock in my ass.
