a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-01

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-01

"Hey Ruchi...sweetheart...I have great news...will tell you at dinner..." was the message on my phone. It was my boyfriend Rohit. We had decided to meet for dinner, our routine dinner date on Friday nights. I looked at my watch, it said 6.30 pm. I had to meet Rohit at 8 pm at the Marriot. I took a hot shower, put on a black cocktail dress. I put on make up, just enough to make me look elegant. I grabbed my Gucci handbag, my car keys and got out of the house.

I walked to the Audi A4 my dad had given me on my birthday. It was my prized possession. I drove the car out of my apartment building onto the main road. Heavy evening traffic is normal in Mumbai, even in the upscale neighborhood of Juhu. I made my way through the traffic and reached the J.W Marriot around time for my date.

I handed over the keys to the valet and entered the hotel lobby. Rohit was already there and smiled when he saw me. His face clearly displayed his excitement and eagerness to tell me the news. He hugged me and planted a light kiss on my cheek. He held my hand as we walked towards the restaurant.

The waiter showed us to our table at a corner of the hall. Rohit had made reservations well in advance for today. We ordered drinks for the evening and in a few minutes Rohit was sipping Jack Daniels with ice and I was having a Vodka Martini.

"So, what is the good news you were going to tell me tonight?" I said as I sipped my martini.

Rohit looked at me as he sipped his drink, the ice cubes in his glass clinked. He kept the glass on the table and smiled at me.

"I have been accepted at Stanford for an MBA on a full scholarship!!!" he said, his lighting up as he uttered those words.

"Awesome! You have finally achieved what you always wanted". I said, equally excited by the news. "So, is this the reason why we are at this fancy place today?" I asked.

"Yes. I wanted to celebrate this occasion so I thought why not take you to dinner". Rohit said.

We ordered the main course and talked about how Rohit had prepared hard for this day. After a lavish meal, we made our way to our cars and drove towards my apartment. We parked our cars and entered the lift.

As soon as we were in, Rohit grabbed my waist and pulled me towards him. I did not resist as he kissed me on my lips. As our lips met, I melted into his arms. A passionate bout of kissing followed. Rohit was being very aggressive that night to which I responded with equal ferocity. Within a minute we reached the 11th floor. We walked hand in hand towards my apartment. I opened the door and we entered.

I walked ahead of Rohit into the living room and switched on the dim lights.

As we entered my bedroom, Rohit slapped my ass hard. "Ouch..." I said and gave him a naughty smile. Rohit encouraged by this gesture, picked me up in his arms. I put my arms around his neck, his left hand touching my left breast. He gently put me on the bed and sat besides me. He took my right hand and placed a soft kiss on it. He went on to kiss my arm all the way to my shoulder and neck. He then made his way to my cheeks, kissing them softly. Finally, his lips met my lips.

He slowly rubbed his lips over mine several times. My lips were very sensitive and my body responded immediately. I started getting wet down there and my breathing quickened. My heavy breathing was a clear sign for Rohit to proceed further. He kissed me and put his right hand behind my head and grabbed my hair making our kiss even more passionate. Rohit knew that grabbing my hair was a sure shot way to turn me on and he used it well.

I sat up on the edge of the bed and Rohit stood in front of me. We got busy undressing each other and were soon in our underwear. Rohit then put his hands into the elastic band of my panty and started tugging on it. I lifted my ass and he pulled it off in one swift stroke and threw it. At the same time, I removed my bra and flung it to some corner of the room.

Rohit caught my nipples with his teeth and bit them lightly. A moan escaped my mouth as Rohit sucked on my boobs expertly. After years of being together, Rohit knew his way around my body. He exactly knew what turned me on and how to go about it.

"You look even more beautiful when you are naked" he said.

"We both look beautiful when we are naked" I said grabbing his erection over his underwear.

Rohit sat on the bed and I kneeled in front of him. I took off his underwear and immediately took his erect dick in my mouth. I focused on the head with my tongue swirling around it. I licked the slit on his head. I held his shaft with my left hand and started jacking him off and with my right hand I squeezed his balls.

Rohit was writhing incessantly to my oral assault. I kept sucking him for a few minutes during which Rohit moaned and sighed, his hands holding my head, pulling me. Rohit moaned loudly and his body arched as he shot his load into my mouth. Load after load of hot semen flooded my mouth. I tried hard not to swallow but a little of it did manage to go down my throat.

I never liked swallowing semen. I found its pungent odor and taste weird. I immediately got up and ran to the bathroom and spit the semen into the washbasin. I rinsed my mouth to clear all of it.

After I was done, I looked up in the mirror and saw Rohit standing behind me. I turned around to kiss him. As we kissed, I took his semi erect dick in my hand and started jerking it. Soon, we were ready for round 2.

Rohit turned me around so that I was facing the mirror. He lifted my left leg which I folded to the knee and placed it on the washbasin. Rohit placed his dick at the entrance of my pussy and rubbed it a few times. He dragged his tool to my clit and rubbed it vigorously.

"Please Rohit...Get on with it...just fuck me now" I moaned as I just couldn't take the teasing anymore.

"I love it when you beg to get fucked" Rohit said with a wide grin and shoved his dick into my pussy. Rohit started fucking me with slow long strokes. His cock made long and deep strokes in my pussy. Gradually Rohit increased his speed with short and fast strokes.

"Aah...aah...ah...aah..." was all that I muttered as Rohit kept fucking me from behind. I raised my head to look in to the mirror. Rohit had closed his eyes and his head thrown back. He was moaning in pleasure.

Rohit took his cock out of my pussy and turned me around so that now I was facing him. He lifted me and placed me on the washbasin. I shivered as the cold surface of the washbasin touched my ass. Rohit took a step closer and rammed his cock back into my pussy. I hugged him tight as he shafted me.

"I am gonna miss you baby..." Rohit said as he kept fucking me. I looked at him and kissed him hard.

"I am gonna miss you too love" I moaned as Rohit increased his speed even further. I looked down to look at his cock going in and out of my pussy rapidly. After a couple of minutes, Rohit's stroking got irregular, his cock twitched. He took his dick out of my pussy and with a loud moan sprayed his seed all over my stomach.

We kissed and hugged each other tight as our breathing normalized. "I love you Ruchi" Rohit said as he looked into my eyes to which I responded with a kiss.

"I love you too Rohit" I said as I broke the kiss. I got off the basin and we walked towards the shower. We took a long hot shower where we soaped and washed each other. After the shower we got dressed and slept in each other's arms.

I was very excited and happy that Rohit was going to Stanford and we had celebrated with a great date and a hot session of sex. But now I started realizing that Rohit, the love of my life was going away for two years. He was going to the other end of the world. As the feeling sunk in, tears started flowing down my cheeks. I looked at Rohit; he was now in deep sleep. Looking at him, I realized that I wouldn't be able to see him or be with him for at least a year. This realization made my cry even loudly but with great difficulty, I suppressed my crying. After god knows how long I drifted to sleep. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The next couple of months passed as fast as the roadrunner. Rohit was busy with getting the Visa and other documents ready for departure. I used to accompany him on shopping trips for his stay in the U.S.

A week before his departure, a big farewell party was organized by me and our friends. Our families too joined us in the celebration. The party was hosted at Ramada Grand, overlooking the Arabian Sea. It was in this party that my father and Rohit's father formally announced our engagement.

After being together for so many years, I always knew that I would marry Rohit. He proposed to me a year ago and I had readily accepted. But his Stanford plans postponed our wedding.

I was sitting at the table with mine and Rohit's parents. Everyone was having a nice time. They were excited about Rohit's admission to Stanford. Rohit had always been a grade A student from school. He excelled in studies through out his life. He was always a hard worker. He did his Mechanical Engineering from IIT Mumbai and was now on his way to the best business school in the world where as I did my graduation and master's in International Business.

Rohit and I grew up together. Our fathers were business partners with business interests in heavy engineering goods, infrastructure and software. Our houses were next to each other and we also went to the same school.

Till teenage, Rohit and I were good friends, but as puberty hit us and the hormones started kicking in, our friendship took a step further and we started dating by the time we went to college. He was a great boyfriend. He was handsome, caring, compassionate and respected my freedom and opinions.

Like any other college couple, we were horny as hell. In high school we used to make out all the time. Whether in library, parking lot or which ever place we got, we made out. Our sessions were limited to kissing, necking and squeezing. We first had sex in college. Rohit's college had hosted a nation wide music festival and a party was organized to celebrate its success. After a great party, Rohit and I sneaked into his hostel room where we had a great night in each other's arms. College years were the best years of our lives.

Our parents knew about our relationship and approved it. After college, Rohit and I joined the company. Rohit was being groomed to take over as the senior partner in the firm. As a part of his grooming, Rohit was advised to earn a degree in business management. True to his nature, Rohit wanted to go to the best business school and succeed in doing so. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Finally the day of his departure arrived. We all went to the airport to drop Rohit. After an emotional and tearful send off I returned to my apartment.

Rohit's absence hit me hard. After such a long relationship, one gets used to each other's company and I missed Rohit a lot. I completely immersed myself in work and other activities to stay busy.

Rohit and I used to stay in touch through phones and the internet. We used to video chat. I, at times used to get naughty and flash him my tits or do a strip tease for him. Even though, online sex was a new and unique experience in the beginning, we missed the real deal. I missed his touch, his lips kissing me, his hands running through my hair as he loving looked into my eyes.

My parents knew that Rohit's departure had affected me. So they proposed that I move to Bangalore to manage our offices there. I had been working with the company for 2 years now and was well trained and ready for a new responsibility. I looked at this as a boon. I accepted the idea as I knew that moving to a new city would not only be a challenge but also be a new experience. On the professional front, I would get to manage an entire region and on the social front I would get to meet new people, make new friends and live alone in one of the best cities in India.

Three months after Rohit left, I moved to Bangalore. We had a pent house in Bangalore in which I moved in. My father had informed our long time manager in Bangalore of my arrival. He helped me move into my house and also settle down in the office.

I settled into the new routine. My office was just a few minutes away from my home. I travelled by my car which I had driven down to Bangalore. As I was new in the city, I did not have any friends except for a couple of guys from my college who were working in Bangalore but I couldn't meet them regularly because their professional commitments.

I took over the reigns of my new office and got completely immersed in work. I would get to work at 9 in the morning and reach home around 8 in the evening. I had to work very hard because I had to get up to speed with this place and as the boss I was expected to take complete control of the office. The entire time in the office was spent in meetings, presentations, getting acquainted with the managers and getting a grip of the work.

By the time I reached home I used to be exhausted. I didn't cook because I was too busy in the morning and too tired in the evenings and I didn't even have a maid to cook and clean the house. I ate mostly in the office cafeteria and restaurants.

One day as I was working in my office, Mrs. Reddy, one of the senior managers of the company came to my cabin. She had known me since childhood and was my aunt. She was concerned about me and had come to talk to me.

"Madam, you live alone and do all the house work by yourself and you also have a very hectic schedule. Don't you get tired? Mrs. Reddy asked with concern.

"I do, but what can I do? I don't have time to look for a maid" I replied.

"Well, Suma can work for you. She also works for me and is pretty good with all the household chores. She is also trustworthy". She said.

Suma was a maid at the office and used to clean the floor I worked on. She was a very talkative and chirpy woman and was generally quite well known. I liked Ms. Reddy's idea and next day asked Suma if she would work for me. She agreed and that reduced a lot of work load.

Suma started working for me from the next day. She was a good cook and kept the house very clean. I was happy with her work. She used to come to my house in the mornings to make breakfast and to do the chores and again in the evening to cook dinner for me.

Her friendly and talkative nature also helped to build a rapport with her. She told me about her family. Her husband was a truck driver who used to be away for weeks. She had two daughters who went to a government school.

"I tell my daughters to have a role model like you madam. I tell them to study hard so that they can grow up to be like you and not be a maid like I did" she used to say in her usual cheerful way.

Suma used to come to my place at 7 in the morning and after finishing work I used to take her to office. In all, life was good. Rohit and I were constantly in touch and were desperate to meet each other. I hadn't had sex in months and was feeling very lonely. I used to masturbate thinking about Rohit but that just didn't cut it. I wanted the real thing!

One day, Suma didn't show up for work. I waited for her but she didn't turn up so I left for work. Suma didn't report to work for 2 days. That got me worried, so I asked another maid in the office and she told me that her husband was back in town so she wouldn't come.

Finally after 4 days, Suma showed up for work. She had bruises all over her face. Her left eye had turned black and blue. She looked like she had been beaten mercilessly. When I asked her about the bruises, she said that her husband was home that is why.

"So he beat you up?" I asked with deep concern.

"No madam, it's not like that. See, my husband drives his truck for weeks so he can't drink. So when he comes to town he drinks. He loves me a lot but this is his way of showing it". She replied.

"That does not give him the right to beat you so bad. I thought you were a self respecting woman Suma. This could have a negative effect on your daughters" I said.

As we argued, someone started furiously banging on the door. Suma went to open it.

"Suma, come home at once" I heard a man shout.

"Not now. I will come in the evening". She pleaded.

Hearing the commotion, I went to the door and saw a large man with blood shot eyes shouting at Suma.

"What are you doing? This is my house. How dare you behave like this here" I yelled at him.

He stared at me with anger which made me conscious that something might happen.

"You stay out of this madam. I am talking to my wife". He mumbled.

"I won't stay out of this you animal. If you beat her again, I will personally report you to the police. Now get lost". I yelled at him and slammed the door on his face.

Suma started crying and I consoled her. Once she calmed down, I took her to the office. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Next day, as I opened the door, there along with Suma, stood her husband. He looked sober and normal than the previous day. Before I could say anything, Suma said "Madam, Gopal has come to apologize".

"Yes madam. I am really sorry for my yesterday's behavior. I promise not to beat my wife but please don't give me to the cops". He said as he started sobbing at my feet.

"Alright, now get up" I replied.

"My wife told me all about you and how she admires you. You run an entire company by yourself, it is commendable. I want my daughters to grow up to be like you madam." He said as he put his arms around Suma's shoulder.

He left after that and Suma got to work. Things were normal for a few days. On Thursday morning, Gopal showed up at my door.

"Good morning madam" he said.

"Good morning. Where is Suma?" I asked.

"I came here to inform you that Suma will not come to work because she has fever. I was going to buy medicines for her and came her on the way" he replied.

"Okay fine". I said and started closing the door but he stopped me.

He stopped me and asked me for a glass of water. I let him come inside and went to get him the water. I came back to living room with the glass of water and was shocked to see that Gopal had removed his shirt and was standing there just in his pants. "Gopal, what the hell are you doing?" I yelled. I sensed trouble and started moving towards the telephone.

Gopal anticipated that move and rushed towards me and caught my hands. I tried to shout but he put his hand over my mouth to muffle my scream. I tried to escape but he had me in a vice like grip. I kicked him in the shin and he screamed in pain. He slapped me hard and I fell on the floor. He wrapped his hands around me and started strangling me.

"Listen to me bitch. No one messes with me and gets away". He said as he released his grip over my neck. I coughed and tried to breath but he suddenly slapped me really hard.

"Now listen to me, if you don't want to get hurt seriously then don't resist to anything that I am about to do". He said and slapped me again. The three slaps that I had received had almost knocked me unconscious.

"Is that understood, Ruchi?" he yelled.

I nodded my assent and started crying. I had never been manhandled in my entire life and was numb from his beating. I was lying on the floor on my back crying from the beating I had just received when heard Gopal speak again.

"Suma tells me that your boyfriend has been away for months. That must make you very lonely". He said as he started unbuttoning my blouse. He removed my blouse and my bra and threw then away. He started licking and biting my boobs. He was very rough with me and his biting was hurting me. I was mindful of his threat and offered no resistance.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-01?page=2

He kept biting and sucking my boobs. My body reacted naturally to this and I started getting aroused. I was getting wet down there. My mind wanted him to stop and leave but my body wanted him to continue what he was doing.

He stopped sucking my boobs and brought his face close mine. The stench of tobacco from his mouth sickened me. Suddenly, I realized the situation I was in and tried to resist. He forced his lips on mine and tried to kiss me. I sealed my lips tight and screamed as he kissed me. I somehow managed to release my left hand from his grip and punched him on his face.

"Oooowwww" screamed Gopal as he got off me. He held his jaw in pain. I saw an opportunity and tried to get up and make a run for it but Gopal was too quick. He caught my leg which made me trip and fall down on my face.

"You crazy bitch" yelled Gopal as he slapped me several times. The force of his beating made me cry louder.

"Hahahaha....ooohh...look, Miss Arrogant Ruchi is crying. You were being very brave the other day. Where is it now bitch?" he said and started to laugh louder.

"Please for god sakes, leave me" I pleaded but Gopal wasn't going to listen.

"Listen to me carefully you whore. I am going to fuck you today no matter what. So you decide how you are going to take. If you resist, I will beat the shit out of you and if you don't, then trust me, you are going to have the fucking of your life" Gopal said as he started taking off his pants.

He took off his pants and his underwear in one swift stroke and stood naked. I saw his cock and gasped. It was scary looking. It was longer and thicker than Rohit's cock. It's purple head peeping out from the foreskin as if ready to attack. Thick blue veins bulged out of the black foreskin.

I just stared at his manhood which Gopal realized and started laughing. He kneeled near my head; his cock was now just a few inches away from my cheeks.

"Hahaha...I know you like it and I definitely know that your boyfriend's dick isn't this big". He said. He held my head and turned it towards his cock. It was now lightly touching my lips.

"You know what I want, so better get to it before I start beating you" he said with anger clearly showing on his face. He raised his hands as if to hit me and I immediately opened my mouth to take his dick.

His cock smelt of stale urine and sweat. As soon as his cock was inside my mouth I gagged from the horrible stench. I felt sick and disgusted and coughed. He held my hair and pulled my head towards his cock and stuffed it in.

I slowly started sucking his cock. I ignored the foul stench and kept sucking mindful of the fact that if I resisted, Gopal would beat me. So, scared of another slap, I kept on sucking.

I was lying on my back on the floor, topless with my sari almost off. Gopal's dick slowly moved in and out of my mouth. I opened my eyes to see that Gopal was moaning with his eyes closed.

"Aaahhh...you seriously know how to suck a cock Ruchiii..." he moaned and then he opened his eyes and looked at me. He bent down and took my left breast in his mouth and started sucking it. As he bent, more of his cock went into my mouth. He slowly took his right hand down to my stomach and starting untying the knot of my petticoat. He tried to untie the petticoat but could not open the knot with one hand. I realized his problem and opened the knot myself.

He realized what I had just done and looked at me with surprise. I just kept looking at him with no expression on my face. If Gopal was surprised with my move, I was doubly surprised at what I had done.

Gopal was a wife beater and was now raping me (that is what I thought). He also beat me to pulp a few minutes ago and had stuffed his cock inside my mouth and instead of resisting him I had helped him undress me further. What the hell was I doing? I thought to myself.

My chain of thought was broken when I felt Gopal's hand near my pussy. He had slipped it inside while my mind was busy conflicting what was right and what wasn't.

"Mmmpphhfff...mmfff..." I moaned as Gopal started playing with my clit. He flicked it and pinched it a couple of times. He then inserted one of his thick, rough fingers into my pussy and started fingering me. Gopal's boob sucking had made me wet but his fingering made me leak.

Gopal now inserted another finger into my pussy. As his fingering got faster, my moans got louder. I sucked Gopal's cock faster and faster taking more and more of it inside. My body started shaking as my orgasm approached. I realized that this was going to be a big one. The volcano of sexual frustration that had built up inside me over the last few months was now going to erupt.

Till now my moans had been muffled because of Gopal's cock but as my orgasm neared, he took his cock out of my mouth and as soon as he did that, I screamed at the top of my voice. Within a few seconds, the orgasm hit me and it hit me hard. I arched my back and screamed as waves after waves of orgasmic pleasure surged through my body. I felt as if the whole room was spinning faster and faster as the orgasm passed over me.

As the orgasm came to an end I inhaled loudly as I tried to regain control over my breathing. As the orgasm passed, my body relaxed. After a couple of minutes, I came back to my senses. I opened my eyes and saw Gopal licking my juices of his fingers.

"Now that was one hell of a show. Looks like you haven't got laid in quite a while and you enjoyed this a lot" he said with a wide grin on his face. I didn't respond to that but he was right. This was the biggest orgasm I had in my life and it wasn't with the man I loved. It was with a wife beating asshole who had forced himself upon me. As much as I hated to admit it but Gopal was good at this and I sure did have a great time.

"Now where were we?" Gopal said as the pretended to think. "Oh yes...you were giving me head. So we should continue, right?" he said and started laughing.

I gave him what one calls a shit eating grin and got on my knees. He stood near me and brought his cock closer to my mouth. He held my head from behind and brought it closer to his cock. I opened my mouth wide to accommodate his massive tool. Gopal held my head with his hands and fucked my mouth.

The last time I sucked his cock out of fear of getting beaten, but this time I was somewhat into this act. My mind was opposing this but my body just didn't listen. It was like they show in cartoons, the devil on one side and the angel on the other. The angel kept reminding that this was wrong, I was engaged, I was being raped and beaten and Gopal was a drunken bum who was beneath my social status.

The devil inside me kept telling me that even if this guy was a brute, he led me to the most amazing orgasm of my life. His cock was the biggest I had ever seen. If I resisted, he would beat me. So avoid the beating, sit back, relax and enjoy the show. The devil had a good point.

Ultimately the devil won and I grabbed Gopal's tight butt with my right hand and squeezed his balls with my left hand. My gesture encouraged Gopal and he started fucking my mouth faster. His cock touched the back of my mouth making me gag a few times but soon I got used to it.

He suddenly stopped fucking my mouth and removed his cock from my mouth and rubbed it all over my face. It was his way of humiliating me, showing me my place but I liked his actions. After a few seconds of 'rubbing it in my face', he pulled me up. "I am going to fuck you now" he said.

"No...please...I have done everything you asked for. Please stop now" I pleaded but in vain. He pulled me towards the couch and ordered me to get on all fours.

"You are a bitch and I am going to fuck you like one" he said and laughed. I got on the couch on all fours. My knees were on the couch. My head was over the backrest of the couch. I held the backrest for support as my ass was in the air, my legs spread, inviting Gopal to fuck me.

Gopal approached me and pulled off my petticoat and panties. He slapped my ass a couple of times and chuckled. "Ooohhh yeah...see that ass wobble like jelly" he said and laughed. I pleaded him to stop but he slapped my ass hard instead.

He rubbed his finger over my puckered asshole. "Hmmm...Nice" he said. I had never been fucked in the ass and got tense the moment he did this. I clenched my asshole and he noticed that.

"Hahaha...you are so scared of this. Looks like you are still a virgin there. No worries, you won't stay for long". He said.

Once the ass foreplay was over, Gopal proceeded to inspect my pussy. He rubbed his fingers over clean shaved pussy for a while. "You high class bitches really have great pussies.It is so smooth and not a single strand of hair, just like a baby's bottom. Now I am going to fuck it nice and proper" he said as he rubbed his cock over my pussy.

"Stop, you are not wearing a condom and I am not on pills. I may get pregnant!" I said with concern.

"Do you think I care about this you slut?" he yelled at me and rubbed his cock even faster. I waited for the inevitable to happen and within seconds, Gopal slammed his cock in my pussy.

"Aaaooowwww" I screamed as Gopal buried his cock to the hilt in my pussy. He held my waist and started fucking me in top gear. His balls slapped against my pussy to make a slapping sound. Gopal just kept going at it, fucking me with all his might. My resistance waned after getting such an intense fucking.

Gopal removed my hair clip and pulled my long hair as he fucked me from behind. "Giddy up, bitch!!" he said and laughed and kept hammering my pussy. I had never been treated so roughly and I loved it. Gopal was like a machine who just kept fucking me. Such intense fucking was building my orgasm really fast. I was grunting like an animal, a primal grunt of lust.

"Uhh...uhh...aahh...aaahh...ohh yeah...mmmm" was all I could say as Gopal kept ramming his cock in my pussy. His cock was like a piston in a high power sports car. He let go of my hair and grabbed my waist and continued fucking me with the same vigor. He came up and bit my shoulder hard. The bite was so hard that I knew would leave a mark.

"Aaahhhh..." I screamed. The bite hurt a lot but it gave me intense pleasure in equal measure.

"You like that, don't you bitch? You like being fucked roughly and treated like a whore. Say it bitch...Say it!!" he said as he pulled my hair again and kept fucking me.

"Ohhh yessss..." I said. It was hard to speak when I was being mauled like this.

"Oh yes what? I want you to say it clearly" he demanded.

"I love being fucked like this...Oh yeahhh...just go onnnn...." I screamed as my second orgasm of the day built up faster.

"You pussy is so tight...looks like you have never been fucked by a real man you slut." He moaned and slapped my ass. Gopal's rough fucking and dirty talking really turned me on and I was pushed over the edge. I moaned loudly as I reached my orgasm. Gopal didn't slow down for my orgasm but instead increased his speed making my orgasm even more intense.

After such a massive orgasm, I was tired but Gopal wasn't done yet. He kept fucking me with the same speed and intensity. He kept on going for several minutes before he removed his cock from my pussy and turned me around and pointed his cock in the direction of my face.

"Here it comes...Aaah!!" he screamed as he reached his orgasm. Thick white strands of semen ejected from his cock and landed straight on my face. He didn't stop coming for at least half a minute. When his orgasm ended, his semen was in criss cross formation all over my face covering it. Some of it went into my eyes and nose.

That was disgusting! I got up, pushed Gopal aside and ran towards the bathroom and vomited. I hated facials and had never allowed Rohit to do that to me. I washed my face and wiped it with a towel. I came out of the bathroom and saw Gopal sitting naked on the couch. He had poured himself some whiskey and ice. He also took a cigarette from my pack and was smoking it.

"Feel free to make yourself a drink" he said with a smile on his face. After this incident I really needed a drink. I made a heavy drink of my favorite Johnnie Walker Blue Label Scotch with ice and sat on a chair opposite to him. I took my packet of Rothmans cigarettes and lighted one for myself.

"This is a unique day for me. First I had a high society pussy and now I am having a high society drink and a cigarette" Gopal said and laughed. I flashed him a faint smile and continued drinking. Gopal finished his drink quickly and got up to get dressed. He got dressed and walked towards me. "I hope today has been a lesson for you. You better not shit with me you bitch. Today I just fucked but if you mess with me again, I will kill you" he threatened me.

I looked at him in fear. He smiled at me and started walking towards the door. He opened the door he turned back to me and said, "I will be back tomorrow evening at 8, be ready for me and be naked when I come. Oh, yes, I hope you won't make the mistake of informing the cops about today or you know what I will do to you". He said with a smile on his face and left.

I just sat there naked with a drink in one hand and a cigarette in the other. I was trying to get hold of things. I just couldn't believe that what happened was real. It all seemed to be a nightmare! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I finished my drink and poured myself another one. I just sat there, drinking and smoking. I was numb from what had just happened. What started as a rape had turned to consensual sex. I didn't know I had such a wild side. I didn't know I liked rough sex. Sex with Rohit was always very tender and romantic. Even if we roughened it up, he never fucked me like this and I was happy with it. And today I had been forced upon and humiliated and I took it like a wanton slut. I enjoyed it!

I don't know after how long and after how many drinks I came back to my senses. I realized I was sitting alone, in my living room naked with an empty scotch glass, a burned out cigarette and an aching body.

I was in terrible pain. Gopal had slapped and punched me several times. He bit me on the shoulder and pounded me hard. I didn't feel much of the pain at the time but now the adrenaline rush had subsided and I felt the Gopal's actual power. I kept the glass on the table and threw the cigarette butt in the ash tray and proceeded towards my room.

I found my hand bag, took out my cell phone and called my office. My secretary picked answered the call.

"Hello...Ruchi ma'am. Where are you? It is noon and you haven't come to work. Is everything okay?" she asked with genuine concern.

"Uhhh...yeah...It's just that I am not feeling well and won't come to work today" I said, the scotch making its effect clear. I was high.

"Madam, but you have several meetings scheduled for today. You already missed the meeting with senior managers to discuss the quarterly reports." She informed me like a true secretary.

"I can't come to work...not now. Just cancel all my appointments and reschedule them for some other time" I said and hung up the phone.

I turned to go towards the bathroom and noticed my alarm clock on the table. It was 12pm! Gopal had come just before I left for work. So this whole incident lasted for 3 hours? What the fuck!!! I thought to myself and entered the bathroom.

I looked at myself in the mirror. I was a total wreck. My hair was looking worse than my worst bad hair day. My scalp hurt from all the hair pulling Gopal did while he fucked me. The salt lines from all the tears were clearly showing. My eyes were sore from the crying and my cheeks were all red from all the slaps I had received. I turned around to see my shoulder in the mirror. There was a deep bite mark there. I tried to touch it but it hurt like hell. My jaw ached after being stretched so wide to accommodate Gopal's cock and so did my pussy burn from the ramming it got.

I opened the shower tap cold water fell over me. I sighed in relief as the water flowed over my body. I just stood there enjoying the feeling of cold water over my mauled body. After a very long shower I got out of the bathroom and just collapsed on the bed and fell asleep.

I woke up after a while, my body still in pain. I looked at my watch. It was 2pm. I had slept for 2 hours. I got up and got wore a pair of pajamas and a T-shirt. I was very hungry and decided to order a meal. I was too tired too cook something.

In a short while my meal was at my door. I opened the door to receive the order. The delivery boy was a college going kid who must have been working to pay his tuition. I took the bag from the delivery boy and opened my purse to pay him when I noticed him staring at my chest. I realized that I wasn't wearing a bra underneath and my nipples were showing. I got angry and lashed out at him.

"What the hell are you staring at boy?" I asked him in a really angry voice.

The boy was taken aback and was at a lack of words. He struggled to answer me. "Mmm...Ma'am...I wasn't...I mean...I am sorry" he stammered trying to give a rational explanation for his behavior.

"Take this money and get lost. Forget about the tip you freak!!" I yelled at him and slammed the door on his face.

As I started walking towards the dinning table, a thought crossed my mind. I had been too rough on the boy. I vented out my frustration on an innocent college boy. He was just doing what any amateur college kid would do. He just did what his male instincts told him to do. I couldn't blame him for staring at my breasts. Why would I? I have a great rack! I should apologize to the chap. I opened the door but he was long gone. So I decided to leave the matter and get busy eating. I was starving! I just gobbled up all the food and after a very satisfying meal, I decided to sleep again.

I just couldn't sleep peacefully. All I could think of was the morning incident. Fed up with it, I got up and made myself a drink and lit a cigarette. I tried to think about other things like work, family and Rohit to distract myself but my mind kept dragging me to the same thoughts. Rohit, for now was just a small thing in the large scheme of things.

The more I tried to distract myself, the more I thought about Gopal. Gopal wasn't a Greek god and wasn't charming at all. He was a two bit, low life, arrogant brute with an average physique. But he was strong. He almost knocked me out with the first slap itself. I am not a delicate darling. I worked out regularly and was quite strong for a woman. But Gopal was just too much for me.

Gopal's wasn't just strong with his hands but also with his cock. What a cock! I was mesmerized by it from the moment I saw it when he took off his pants. Its glistening bulbous head with a large slit made it look like a monster. All these thoughts turned me on and my hand slipped into my pajama and found my clit.

I closed my eyes and started fingering myself. The images from the morning flashed in front of my eyes. I relived the moments of the most awesome session of sex I ever had. I visualized how his cock went in and out of my mouth. How he grabbed my head and forced more and more of his cock inside. His thick fingers and his rough tongue giving me my orgasm and oh yeah, the way he fucked me, used me!

All these thoughts made turned me on and I was very well on the way to a big orgasm. I was breathing heavily and moaning loudly. Just a few seconds later I had an orgasm. As the orgasm subsided, I seriously thought of not resisting him anymore and just enjoy it with him. I wanted to be a willing partner in this game now.

But there was still a part of me dragging me away. The angel inside me was making its last stand. What if he got even more violent? What if Suma came to know about all this? These were the questions in my head. Should I just stop all this and report it to the cops?


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/a-remarkable-phase-of-my-life-ch-01?page=3

The devil inside me raised his head again. Reporting to the cops would create unnecessary problems. All the legal tangles, media invasion and my reputation would be completely ruined. Apart from that all the emotional problems my family will have to face, Rohit will have to leave Stanford and come back. All the moral and social implications would ruin a perfect life.

I had a big apartment in one of the best cities in India. I was running an entire division of my company by myself at the age of 24. I was engaged to a great guy and I had loads of money. So why ruin all this when I can just have some fun on the sides. Gopal will not be violent if I give in to his demands.

And yet again, the devil won. I had made my decision. I was going to have sex with him but not by force but by my own will!

Once the decision was made, I relaxed. The moral dilemma that was troubling me was gone. The angel had left the building and I was now completely possessed by me own demons. I spent the rest of the day doing some shopping and other stuff that I had planned for. I had a nice meal in the evening and went to bed early.

To be continued...
