beautiful-housewife-banged-ch-02

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/beautiful-housewife-banged-ch-02

She had to rush to pick the phone, if Rahim would have picked up the phone it would have created a problem for her as what a stranger is doing in the house at 10 pm at night. So she went in the nighty itself. She picked up the phone and it was Abhinav. She was talking to him for 5 minutes. When she kept the phone down she realized that Rahim was looking at her.

Rahim: Wow Simran, you look awesome...just like a those models they show in lingerie ads!!!

Simran know realized her situation, she was completely alone with a stranger who she could tell was lusting for her.

Rahim then went close to her and put his hand on his bare shoulder saying how soft her skin is and wished his wife would have been beautiful as she is. Simran tried to break his hold but suddenly he hugged her. She was desperately trying to be free herself but he was not leaving her. Her beautiful breasts were crushed against his muscular chest.

Rahim: You are going to be mine tonight. I can't let go of a chance like this. Simran...please co-operate because I will have you one way or another....

Simran was scared and she knew that she has to submit to this wild man. She never liked him his scary beard, and a strong build always looked evil to the beautiful simple lady. Then Rahim dragged simran to the bedroom and threw her on the bed.

Then he jumped on her literally crushing her with his weight. Her was kissing her wildly and was trying to insert his dirty tongue in her beautiful mouth. She was trying to resist but she was weak in comparison to this man.

Then he tore the straps of the nighty which he had just gifted to her and threw it away. Now she was in a pair of white bra and panty. Rahim just stood there for a while staring at her. He was hypnotized by her body and was licking his lips in anticipation that he will have such a young and beautiful body that he only imagined in his dreams to fuck. He got on top of her and pinching her breasts over the bra. Simran was pleading him to leave her; she was horrified with the things that were happening to her.

Simran: Let me go Rahim...Please...I am just like your younger sister...Leave me!!!!

Rahim: I am not letting you go without fucking you nice and proper. If my sister was so sexy, I would have pounded her as well.

Now Simran knew that it is going to happen. She knew she couldn't overpower this man; he was way to strong for her. She knew that she would have to tolerate what was going to happen. She knew that from now on, nothing in her life would be the same.

Rahim was still pinching, pressing and licking her boobs over the bra. Occasionally he would forcibly kiss her. His hands were roaming all over her body, from her neck to her arms to her stomach and to her pussy. Rahim noticed wetness on her crotch. He got up to see it. He saw a wet patch on the panty. He knew that this woman was ready.

Rahim bent a little and dug his nails in her waistband of her panty and started pulling them down. Simran unknowingly lifted her butt a little to let the panties come of her thighs. She watched as Rahim slowly dragged her panties down from her thigh, to her calf, to her ankles. Rahim pulled it for a final time and it was off. He flung it to some corner of the room.

Simran watched in wonder how she had willingly let Rahim take of her panty. She was amazed and conflicted. She was a married woman, a loyal housewife to a wonderful husband, a loving daughter in law and an ideal wife. She did not like Rahim one bit but here she was letting this ugly man do things to her that no one apart from her husband did.

Once the panties were off, Simran closed her legs to deny Rahim the view of her pussy. Rahim with force pushed her legs apart; she was too weak to resist his power. Rahim was mesmerized with the view. A fair, young tight pussy was within his arms reach, his tongue's reach. Her pussy was clean shaven. Simran kept her pussy devoid of any hair just the way her husband liked.

Rahim pulled Simran to the edge of the bed. He got down on his knees near the bed and bought his head near the pussy. He rubbed her thighs with his rough hand and then started kissing and biting her inner thighs. While licking and biting her thighs, he slowly made his way to her swollen pussy. He took a deep breath. The scent of her pussy was intoxicating. He took his long tongue out and started to lick her pink cunt.

He dragged the flat of his tongue along the entire pussy waiting at her clit. He took the clit in her mouth and started suckling on it. The sweet and salty taste of Simran's pussy was amazing. He inserted his tongue in her pussy hole and started tongue fucking her. Simran was now breathing heavily. She moaned and sighed as Rahim's tongue did things to her that she never had experienced.

Simran was a conservative woman, she never knew about oral sex. She was newly married and was a virgin on her wedding night. Abhinav was a virgin too. In the few months of marriage, the couple had never tried oral sex. Simran now thought why hadn't she tried this with her husband? But right now a middle aged Muslim man was licking her pussy like a dog licking a bone. She was feeling a strong force build up in stomach. She knew it was an orgasm. She had got them from her husband but this was nothing compared to it. As Rahim bit her clit, Simran screamed at the top of her voice, arched her back and squirted her love nectar which fell on Rahim's face.

Rahim hungrily drank up all her pussy juice and waited for her to calm down. In what seemed like ages, Simran came down from the orgasmic high and regained her composure.

She thought to herself even if this man was an ugly looking beast; he was giving her enormous pleasure she had never imagined existed. Listening to her moans Rahim knew that she was completely under his control. He was going to give this woman the fuck of her life.

Rahim got up and went up to her. He looked deep into her eyes, rubbed his finger on her lips. At the same time he took his right arm around her to the bra strap. He skillfully removed the bra strap and took it off her shoulders. Simran's massive jugs were now in the open. They moved up and down with Simran's each heavy breath. He held both her boobs in his big strong hands and started squeezing them.

Simran's boobs were big, even for the freakishly large hands of Rahim they were a handful. Rahim took his tongue tip and flicked the nipple of the left boob. Simran shuddered at the touch. Rahim then licked the area around the areola. He was licking all over the breast and making it wet. He was deliberately not going for the areola and the nipple. He was teasing her, depriving her sensations that tit sucking brought.

Simran had enough of this. She put her hands in his hair and dragged his head to the nipple. Rahim took one look at her; she smiled at him weakly and kept on pulling his face towards the nipple. Rahim got the signal and went straight for the erect nipple and bit her. Simran moaned and writhe as Rahim mercilessly sucked and bit her nipple. He would pull her nipple with his lips right up to the point where they would get out of his mouth. He got the nipples all wet and blew cold air on them making them extra hard.

Rahim did this with both the boobs expertly, so much so that Simran had an orgasm with just his expert sucking. Simran hadn't had sex in a month and for a newly wed, it was a long time. Her pussy was wet from the enormous flow of the juice. Rahim had enough of the tit sucking. He sucked her nipples for one last time leaving several love bites on her boobs. Simran thanked god that her husband wasn't here or else she would be in trouble for all the unexplained love bites.

Rahim got up from the bed and started taking off his clothes. Simran stared as one by one all of Rahim's clothes were separated from his body. Rahim took off his underwear and his giant cock sprang out. Simran gasped as she saw the monster. She could not help but compare it with her husband's dick. Abhinav's penis was respectably long and thick but Rahim's penis was a monster. This was the second penis she had seen in her life.

Rahim got on the bed on his knees while Simran raised her self on her elbows. Rahim brought his dick near Simran. Simran stared at the fine specimen of manhood.

The penis was long, more than 8 inches. It was circumcised with the purple dick head shinning in all glory. Veins jutted out of this strong dick which resembled at black police baton. Simran turned towards the right where Rahim was kneeling, resting on her right elbow. She brought her left arm to his dick and grabbed it. She let her hand roam around the dick from the head to the base. She delicately massaged his massive ball sack and wondered how much cum did this massive sack hold.

She tightly held the dick in her palm and started jacking it. Rahim moaned loudly, sensations of pleasure went through his spine. They looked at each other, their eyes filled with pure lust. After a couple of minutes of receiving an amazing hand job, Rahim put his hand at the back of her head, gripping her long, thick brown hair and started pushing it towards his dick. As Simran's mouth slowly came towards Rahim's penis, she realized what was expected of her. She accordingly opened her mouth wide to accommodate this massive pole. Finally, Rahim's cock entered her mouth unopposed.

The dick head disappeared between her beautiful lips as Rahim pushed his dick further. Slowly almost half of the dick went in when Simran gagged. She immediately pulled out and started coughing. Rahim laughed watching the scene so did Simran. She looked up to him, smiled and went for his dick again.

Rahim realized that Simran was new to oral sex and was yet not capable of deep throating his massive organ. Simran could only suck only a little further than the head but Rahim wasn't complaining. The site of this gorgeous woman sucking his dick was enough to turn him on. Simran was stunned; she had never imagined that she would even let another man touch her, let alone suck his dick. She was amazed how she was sucking on this black beast as if it was an ice cream.

Simran was a quick learner. She swirled her tongue around the dick. She took it out for a few times, stared at it, lightly kissed it. She dragged her tongue along the length of the dick. Rahim also made her suck his balls. Simran was now completely enjoying this amazingly new experience. She had forgotten that she was married, that the man with her in the bed did not even belong to her religion. In fact, the feeling of doing the forbidden was exciting her even more.

All this while, not a single word was spoken, only sounds of moans, heavy breathing, sucking, kissing and licking filled the room. Possessed by lust a man and a woman were pleasuring each other to their hearts content.

Rahim pulled out his dick and Simran gave a disapproving moan. Rahim broke the silence.

Rahim: Simran darling lets try something new!!!

Simran thought to herself that all the things that she had done and experienced tonight were new, what else did this man have in store for her next?

Rahim made her lie down on her back and sucked her boobs for a few moments. He licked the area between her boobs making it wet and slippery. He got on top of her with his knees on either side of her boobs. He put his dick in between her boobs and asked her to push her boobs together. Simran followed like an obedient student.

Rahim now started pushing his dick back and forth like a fucking action. He moaned at the wonderful sensation and looked into Simran's beautiful black eyes.

Rahim: Darling, this is called titty fucking. You have such a beautiful pair of jugs; I just couldn't resist doing this. You like it?

Simran smiled and nodded her head in approval. She was doing things in one night that she hadn't done in her entire married life. The feeling of a hot stiff pole between her boobs was amazing adding to that Rahim was pulling her nipples every now and then.

Rahim's dick was hitting her chin with every forward push. Simran tilted her head and opened her mouth in a way that Rahim's dick would enter it with every forward thrust he made. Rahim moaned loudly in approval as Simran's tongue flicked his dick head. Rahim's dick was oozing pre cum. Simran tasted it while sucking his dick and like the salty taste. She wanted more....all of it!!!!!

With such vigorous tit fucking, Simran was breathing heavily, she had already experience another orgasm, the third of the night but Rahim showed no signs of tiring. He went on fucking her jugs and pinching her nipples. After several minutes of high speed tit fucking, Rahim's orgasm started building, he started breathing heavily and his dick twitched wildly.

Rahim: Baby....I am going to cum. Where do you want me to cum?

Simran: In my mouth....In my mouth. I want to drink all that juice. I wanted to taste it. It's so amazing...GIVE IT TO ME!!!

Seeing Simran beg for his cum so loudly and openly, Rahim was pushed over the edge. He asked her to open her mouth. He finally shot his load in big long spurts in to Simran's mouth. A few strands flew across in to her hair, cheeks, eyes and as the force of his orgasm reduced, some of it fell on her chest and slowly made its way to her neck forming a 'Pearl Necklace'.

Simran drank all the cum in her mouth and showed her tongue to Rahim. Both of them smiled at each other wickedly. She also picked up the cum on her cheeks and eyes and ate it. Rahim with his semi erect dick picked up the cum on her neck and fed it to her. She ate all of it as if she was addicted to it. She sucked his dick clean.

Rahim collapsed next to her. Both of them looked at each other, their eyes displaying their satisfaction. Simran turned toward him and kissed him deeply. Rahim also responded in equal measure. Rahim could taste his cum on Simran's lips.

From what seemed to be a nightmare to the conservative Simran, had turned into a heavenly experience. Simran was now Rahim's Bitch!!!!

To be continued...
