beautiful-housewife-banged

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/beautiful-housewife-banged

Simran is 23 years old, married for 6 months, 5"5, 57 kgs weight, 34-28-36, extremely fair complexion, brown hair, in short a truly sexy and voluptuous woman anyone would die to fuck. Simran knew how beautiful she was, sometimes also liked the amount of male attention she got.

She is married to a handsome looking man Abhinav. She has a satisfactory sex life. She doesn't have anything to compare with as she came from a conservative family and her knowledge of sex was very basic. Her first encounter was with her husband on their first wedding night. She also didn't allow him to touch her before marriage as she thought of it as a Sin. There was Abhinav's mother in the family. Abhinav's father had died long time back. His mother also loved her dutiful daughter in law as she looked after her all the time.

They lived in a house which had two sections; the above section was empty for over 2 years. Meanwhile Abhinav was working in a Computer Firm and was given a project of 3 months in the US and then he would come back. Due to visa complications he couldn't take his beautiful wife along with him. Simran also told him that she will stay back and look after her mother in law. She was also a shy person so never went out of the house and interacted with neighbors. So after Abhinav left she was feeling lonelier than before.

Now the main story starts, just a week after Abhinav's departure to US. A Muslim family moved in the above portion of the house. They were married couple Rahim aged 37, sturdy looking, 6'1, dark complexion, bearded, heavy body and Rehana. She had a Heavy body, wheatish complexion. They had two children both in boarding school. Rahim was working for a multinational company as a manager and Rehana was a housewife. He was an ugly looking fellow but from the time he moved in he had his eyes set on beautiful body of Simran.

Now Rehana started to meet Simran on day to day basis. First Simran tried to avoid her but as she was herself lonely started to like Rehana's company. Rehana was a smart and witty lady, she struck up delightful conversation with Simran and she was spellbound to her company. Two weeks passed and her friendship with Simran started to grow. Now Simran started visiting her house everyday. Rehana went shopping with Simran.

One day they went shopping, when it started raining heavily, they were both soaked to the core. Rehana called her hubby as his office was nearby.

Rehana: Rahim, Me & Simran had come for shopping but it started raining and we didn't carry umbrellas. Can you please pick us up at Shopper's Paradise? We are waiting

Rahim: Sure. I will be there in 20 minutes.

Her hubby came to pick both of them up. Rahim was mesmerized seeing Simran fully drenched in Rain. She was wearing a low cut sleeveless blouse. Her saree was sticking to her body; all her body outlines were highlighted. The cold weather making her nipples pointed. Rahim complimented Simran on her beauty. Simran was really embarrassed as a stranger was fully exploring her body in presence of his own wife. Rahim was literally undressing her with his looks.

After they reached home, Simran went to her mother in law who told her has to leave for her sister's house as her son has expired and told her that she will be back in 4 days. Simran said ok, but she was scared living alone. Her mother in law left for her sister's house. It was 6.30 pm. She went to Rehana's house to ask her whether she could stay with her at night. When she knocked the door she was received by Rahim

Rahim: Hi Simran, How come you have knocked on my door?

Rahim was looking staring at her like a wolf staring at his prey, waiting to pounce.

Simran: I just wanted to meet Rehana. Is she there?

Rahim: Sorry, she went to her mother's house for a couple of days. Do you have any message for her?

Simran: No.....nothing special.....just came to meet her....

Simran grew even more nervous. First her mother in law went away, now her neighbor and best friend Rehana had left as well. The thought of spending the night alone in her house surrounded by darkness was scaring her.

He asked her to come in. She could not refuse as he was behaving like a through gentleman though Simran knew the way he was ogling her body hours ago. She was a wearing a black saree and matching blouse at that time. He was in kurta pajama.

Simran: Rahim bhaiyya, how will you manage your meals now that Rehana is not at home?

Rahim: I was thinking of ordering some food from the hotel in the neighborhood. I am a very bad cook, wouldn't be able to cook even if I had to save my self.

There was a reason Rahim said this. He wanted to gain Simran's sympathy, so she would invite him for dinner.

Simran had no option but to ask him to come over which he readily accepted

Simran went back and started cooking. It was not even 15 minutes that the door bell rang; she opened the door and saw Rahim standing. Due to working in kitchen, she had tied her saree to the exposing her beautiful navel. Also she was sweating a lot.

Simran: Rahim bhaiyya!!! You are early. I have just started cooking, dinner won't be ready for at least another half an hour!!

Rahim: No problem. I had nothing to do and was getting bored so I thought of coming here and helping you with the dinner preparations. Do you mind?

Simran had no option but to invite him in. She accepted him in reluctantly.

She said to him there is no need and she will do the work by herself. In the meantime she asked him to be comfortable and watch some TV. Then she started working in the Kitchen. He also came in and started chatting with her. She also started to like the conversation and was not minding Rahim ogling her body as she was tired and was busy preparing dinner. As she was serving dinner, Rahim was curiously looking at her juggling breast. While serving food. His eyes were transfixed on voluptuous ass when she turned back.

Rahim was having a lot of difficulty holding himself back having such an angel beside him. He was very horny and his massive dick was making a huge tent from his pajama. All the time, he was complementing Simran on her looks and was praising her.

Rahim: Simran, you look really beautiful in this saree. Your husband is really lucky to have such a beautiful wife. I wouldn't have left such a beautiful wife for even a second.

Rahim: Dinner was fabulous. Thank you so much Simran, you not just beautiful but also an amazing cook....you are a complete woman!!!!!

Simran: Don't mention it Rahim bhaiyya...its not big deal and I am not that great.

Simran was getting redder with each compliment as she was not used to male company except her hubby.

Rahim: I would like to thank you for this meal with a gift I have for you. Its in my house, I will get it in 15 minutes.

Simran: No thanks...that is not necessary.....

Before she could complete her sentence Rahim left her house

She got confused and was eagerly waiting for the surprise. Rahim came back after a few minutes.

Rahim: Here...this is the gift for you.

Simran: What is it?

Rahim: It's a surprise...open it.

Simran put her hand inside the bag and took out the "gift"

It was a nighty!! It was a very expensive, fancy and a very revealing sleeveless nighty

Simran was shocked seeing this kind of a gift. Never in her life had she seen or even worn such a flimsy cloth

Simran: Bhaiyya...I cannot take this....I....

Rahim: Please Simran!! I bought it for my wife but it didn't fit her because she is fat and the shopkeeper refused to take it back.

Rahim started laughing at his own joke making it awkward for Simran who smiled a little.

Rahim: Please take it Simran; I know you will look really beautiful in this. In fact, this nighty will compliment you beauty.

Rahim forced Simran to take it. Simran said she doesn't accept gifts but due to Rahim's pressure had to accept it.

Rahim: If you don't mind will you try on this nighty now? See Rehana tried wearing it a couple of times but it didn't fit her. I was wondering if it had loosened and would it fit you properly?

Simran: Now...no...I will try it tomorrow and tell you later how it fits...not now...

Rahim was adamant, he just wouldn't take no for an answer.

Simran agreed reluctantly and went to her bedroom to change into the nighty.

Simran said ok and went back to change. When she was changing she found out that nighty was exactly the same size as hers. It was of pink colour of very flimsy material. She had never worn clothes like this before. It was sleevelss as showing upper side portions of her boobs.

She was checking herself out in the mirror, admiring her sexy body when suddenly there was a knock on the door.

Rahim: Does it fit ok?

Simran: uhh...yeah....

Rahim: Is the size perfect?

Simran:...uhhh...yeah

Rahim: Can I see you now?

Simran: No...No...I cannot come out wearing something like this.

She was trying to refuse him. Suddenly her cell phone which was in the drawing room started ringing. From the ringtone she could tell it was her husband...Abhinav!!!

To be continued...
