blacked-in-goa-ch-05

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/blacked-in-goa-ch-05

Thanks to Madiha (Sweetdreamssss) for encouraging me to finish it, and to Rustyoznail for being so patient with the editing. I would especially like to thank Rustyoznail for his excellent editing skills to define and enhance the story. He also has added to the dialogues and the sex scenes in this story.Please check out the stories by Rustyoznail & Sweatdreamssss. They have some really arousing stories.

--

Mira tightly embraced herself as she watched through her window for her husband, Raghav, to arrive. It had been over a year since they had seen each other, and she was aching to hold him again. Finally, a cab arrived and Raghav stepped out.

Raghav looked visibly different than he did before he left for the states. It was evident from his prominent paunch that he had gained a few pounds. Mira thought that was probably because he ate fast food almost everyday. His hairline had also noticeably receded and was showing clear signs of balding.

Though he wasn't as attractive as he was before, he still had a cute smile which enamored Mira all those years ago.

Mira had prepared herself carefully for his arrival. Since she had met James, and then Jerome, she hadn't cared about her looks or worried about the obvious signs of her liaisons. She had taken a long shower to make sure all the marks of debauchery had been washed off and had then taken care to flush her vagina out of any remaining cum. Luckily, the hickeys which the two men had planted all over her body had faded to be almost unnoticeable. That had been her main concern.

There was a knock on her door, and Mira threw it open. Seeing her husband in front of her, an overwhelmed Mira hugged him tight and she received an equally tight hug back. Taking Raghav by the hand, she locked the door and dragged her husband inside their room. The moment they were in the room, they kissed. After a year apart the kisses were more than just passionate.

Unable to control her emotions, Mira wept as she continued kissing Raghav. Her weeping was a mix of elation about seeing her husband and a deep sense of guilt. She had cheated on him during a vacation which she was supposed to have spent with only him. The guilt was not just about the act of cheating, but the fact that she did with all her senses, fully aware of her actions. It was not just a mistake committed on one drunken night, but a full-blown affair. And to make it worse it wasn't with one guy, but two at the same time.

That deep sense of guilt and shame made her kiss her husband even more passionately. So much so that even Raghav was taken by surprise. He couldn't recall her kissing him so lovingly before. She had always been such a submissive wife. Though he was surprised, he wasn't complaining. Embracing his wife, he kissed her back with equal fervour.

Mira didn't stop her initiative at kissing. She took charge, pushing her husband on to the bed and got on top of him before kissing him more.

Raghav had a raging boner witnessing his wife's unexpected wild side. He thought she was aggressively expressing herself after so many months alone, and particularly excited by his late arrival.

Mira pulled his shirt off him and went down to take off his pants. Raghav silently watched his wife as she took off his jeans and then his underwear. He shuffled back on the bed a little allowing Mira to sit between his legs. She sighed in relief when her husband's penis sprung up in front of her, and she could wrap her hand around his cock. It was at that moment she realized truly how big James' and Jerome's black cocks were. While she could easily wrap her hand around Raghav's, her fingers would barely touch when holding their erections. Though she was distracted by that thought, she quickly dismissed it and went down on Raghav.

Raghav moaned as he felt his wife's soft, warm mouth engulf his hard-on. He threw his head back and moaned. It was a year since he last felt her heavenly mouth work its magic over his member. He had remained steadfast to his marriage vows but had relieved his own tensions at times thinking about his darling Mira.

Mira sucked with all her heart. She used all the techniques she had learnt over the last 3 days making her husband moan. Nibbling, deep throating, tender kisses... Everything she had learned from James and Jerome, she applied to Raghav enthusiastically.

Raghav was surprised at his wife's new moves but at that moment he wasn't complaining. He wondered where she had learned these techniques, but thought she probably saw them while watching porn. It was something they both did, together and apart, as it was the only way he could see to relieve their sexual frustration.

While swirling her tongue around his cock, Mira's mind inadvertently thought back to how thick James was and how full her mouth felt when his cock was inside it. She really wanted to avoid those comparisons with Raghav but she simply couldn't. She closed her eyes and slowly breathed out through her nose. Maybe she would have to live with those thoughts all her life. She looked up at her husband, who also had his eyes closed and had a large smile on his face. That made her smile, knowing that her lessons were appreciated. Just when she was warming up and enjoying herself, she felt her husband stiffen up.

"Aaarrrggghhh...." he grunted, holding her head down before erupting into her mouth. His back arched and his body shivered as he came.

Instinctively she gulped his cum down before realizing her mistake. She had never done that with her husband before. She carefully looked up at him, dreading a confrontation but Raghav was still in his post orgasmic bliss. His head was thrown back and his chest was heaving with his release. Relieved he hadn't noticed but disappointed that he came too soon, Mira sat up watching her husband. It was a good couple of minutes before his high faded off and he opened his eyes.

"I'm so sorry Mira... it's just that I haven't had real sex in a year and you were so good... I'm so sorry," Raghav tried to explain himself.

"It's alright Raghav... I know how hard it has been for you. I understand that. Relax," she assured him, trying to hide her disappointment.

"I'll make it up to you... I swear," he said, pulling her into a hug.

Mira and Raghav spent some time in each other's arms. She did feel good being with her husband again. Finally, her planned vacation had begun.

As noon approached, the couple made plans to head out for lunch. They got dressed and stepped out of their room. When they reached the front desk, Mira saw Karishma. She was the same receptionist who had smiled naughtily at her and James just a couple of days ago. Her heart raced as Mira feared Karishma would spill the beans. She surely had that knowing smile on her face. Mira looked outside, avoiding eye contact with her.

But Karishma knew better than to cause a scene with paying guests. She quietly took the keys, greeted them as just another pair of tourists and the couple went their way.

After handing the room to her shift replacement, Karishma set out for her final round of the hotel property. She hurriedly completed her inspection and checked out for the day. But she still had one room to check.

"Good day sir. I hope your experience at this hotel is satisfactory so far. Is there anything you need?" Karishma asked with that bright smile of hers when James opened the door.

James smiled back knowingly. He knew this woman had an eye on him. And now that Mira was busy elsewhere, she was all game for him.

"Ahh yes indeed. I can use your help," James said as he stepped aside, gesturing to her to walk in.

Raghav and Mira drove to a local market. It was a famous market known for handcrafted local jewellery and clothes. Mira wanted to go shopping and Raghav wanted to indulge her. Hand in hand they walked, looking around every shop and every store. As she was trying on a thought came to her mind. 'What must James be doing right now? He must be feeling alone. Oh, how I miss him...'

While back at the hotel, James was sitting on the couch in his room with his bathrobe wide open. Karishma was down on her knees sucking his big black cock. She licked and sucked with her mouth while her right hand wrung around the shaft. The buttons of her shirt had been opened and her boobs had been scooped out a few minutes ago. Her skirt was pulled up while her left hand was inside her panties playing with her clit.

Mira spent quite some time at the market, buying a whole lot of things. Raghav watched on, amused, as she hopped from one store to another trying almost every she saw and buying most of it. A while later, Mira and Raghav were on their way to the beach. They rode down the same open road and passed the exact same point where she first met James. The last few days flashed in front of her eyes. Her breathing got heavy and her nipples hardened as she recalled the whole experience. Her hand lightly rubbed her own leg. Oh, how much she yearned for his touch.

"Oohh yes... yeeeaaaah..." Karishma moaned as James' thick fingers fucked her. She was lying on the couch, now completely naked. James was on top of her, sucking on her nipple while he furiously fingered her.

Mira and Raghav reached Anjuna beach. As they walked over it hand in hand, Raghav pointed out the same shack that Mira and James had first visited. They walked in and sat down at a table. Drinks and food were soon delivered.

Karishma was bent over, holding the edge of the bed for support. James was standing behind her, admiring her smooth, fleshy butt and poised to penetrate her. He rubbed his cockhead on her slit, first through her labia and then teasing her clit.

"Fuck me James... don't tease me..." she pleaded.

James chuckled at her desperation but obliged. In one swift motion, he plunged his cock into her completely.

"Aaaaaahhh..." Karishma groaned.

James knew a slut when he saw one, and what a fine slut she was. James went into overdrive from the very beginning. Pulling her hair back with one hand and spanking her ass with another, he went to town on her. James realized how different Mira and Karishma were. While Mira was a reluctant lover, Karishma was a proactive lover. Mira had to be gently pulled out of her shell while Karishma served herself on a platter, ready to be eaten. Mira, though she was a loud moaner, didn't talk a lot while this bitch just didn't shut up.

"Ohhhh yesss... yesss... that's it... yeah, fuck me like that... yeahaahh..." Karishma hollered.

Mira was looking at the ocean silently, her mind occupied with thoughts of James. Occasionally she looked at Raghav and smiled, though she wasn't listening to what he was saying.

By now James and Karishma had changed positions. She had straddled him and was riding him hard. Her hands were on his chest as she moved her hips back and forth.

Mira picked up a nacho chip from her plate and dipped it in the mayonnaise. When she brought it towards her mouth a drop of mayonnaise fell on her lips, instantly reminding her of James' salty, delicious cum.

She blushed and smiled sheepishly, all the while Raghav was completely unaware of his wife's lewd thoughts.

Karishma was kneeling on the floor in front of James. Her mouth was wide open in anticipation of his impending orgasm.

James was furiously stroking his cock. His body was sweaty, his chest heaved heavily as he worked towards cumming.

With a loud groan, he came. The first spurt of cum landing straight into her mouth which she happily swallowed. The next few ones landed on her face, covering it with a thick layer of his jizz.

And just like that, three days passed. Mira and Raghav would leave the next day. Mira and James hadn't seen each other since Raghav had returned. At first, Mira missed James a lot and sometimes even hoping she could just find enough time for a quickie with him. But alas, that wasn't to be. Raghav was with her the whole time. He was keeping his end of the bargain. He had promised his wife that she would have his complete attention, and that's what he gave her. He pampered her, indulged her and smothered her with his love.

Though Mira was happy, she still felt incomplete. The three days with James had completely changed her, her way of looking at things, especially sex. The married couple would spend the day wandering the streets of Goa and spend the evening hopping clubs. After spending their evenings partying, they would retire back to their hotel room.

Mira was lying on her back with Raghav on top of her. Her arms were wrapped tightly around him. She cooed and sighed as her husband caressed her pussy with his penis. She was enjoying making love to her husband after more than a year, but she still felt a void, an uncomfortable feeling which refused to go.

She absolutely missed James at that moment. Even though Raghav was doing well in bed, much better than he did before; Mira still felt incomplete. She was now addicted to the hard long fucks she got from James. And inside her, she could clearly feel the difference. Raghav's average cock failed to reach the depths that James' cock explored. She missed that feeling of being stuffed. Mira and James didn't make love, they fucked like wild animals, almost devoid of any emotion except lust. A few days ago, meaningless sex was unmentionable but now she craved it. James had changed her so much in such a short time.

Just as she was warming up for an orgasm she heard Raghav groan loudly and his body went stiff. She felt his cum leaking into her pussy. Raghav collapsed on her totally spent while Mira threw her head back in disappointment.

For their final night in Goa the couple decided to go to their favourite club, 'Disco Valley'. They reached the club just after sunset. The place was crowded with vacationers, loud music was playing, and alcohol flowed freely.

Raghav and Mira had a blast together. They ate, they drank, they danced, talked and laughed. It was like they had never been apart. But as the night grew, Raghav kept drinking and soon enough was completely smashed but still wanted more.

"Raghav... enough... please stop drinking. You can't even talk properly," Mira pleaded with him.

"Just one more beer baby... pleeaassse... it's our last night here... baby please... waiter... get me another one," Raghav stammered in his drunken stupor.

Mira watched helplessly and in complete embarrassment as her husband got drunk. A few people around noticed that too, shaking their heads and laughing at the sight.

Halfway through his last beer, Raghav passed out on the table, completely drunk.

"Raghav, wake up... Raghav..." she shook him, trying to wake him up. He stirred a bit before passing out again.

Mira's eyes teared up with the feeling of utter shame. She put her head down and sobbed. 'How embarrassing could this be? Her husband passed out in public and with no way to get him back to their room.'

"Hey Mira," a familiar voice said.

Mira quickly looked up to find James standing in front of her.

"What happened here... is he ok?" James asked.

"Don't ask... he is fine... just... just passed out from too many drinks," Mira replied, to which James laughed out loudly.

"When did you get here?" she asked.

"Just a while ago. I was at the bar and noticed you when I was going to the men's room. I'm here with my friends," he said pointing at the bar. Mira saw four black men at the bar waving at her. "You want to join us?"

"I can't... can't leave my husband like this," she replied, sounding helpless.

"Well, let me take care of that," he said before calling someone over with a gesture from his fingers. It was the receptionist, Karishma. She approached the table and smiled at Mira. Mira smiled back but felt even more embarrassed. Karishma was followed by one of the big black guys from the bar.

"These two will take your husband back to the hotel safe and sound. So now you don't have to worry about him and can join us for a drink," James said.

"Uuhhh... but... mmm," Mira hesitated.

"Relax Mira. I'll take care of this," Karishma assured her. "Trust me. Your husband isn't the first drunk I've had to help home."

"Well... okay..." Mira replied as she stood up holding James' hand.

The big black guy moved towards Raghav and picked him up. He did it so easily that Mira couldn't help but giggle seeing her husband hanging from that man's shoulder.

As James and Mira walked towards the bar, she looked back and saw Karishma and the big black guy walked away with her husband.

They reached the bar and Mira was handed a cold beer.

"Mira... meet Jamal, Michael and you already know Jerome. And that other guy was Tyrone and that girl there was Karishma. And guys... meet Mira," James said, making the introductions.

Mira smiled and nodded as she met everyone. Jamal was tall and a bit fat with a bald head and a beard while Michael was lean but a bit shorter than the rest and had thick, curly hair. Tyrone was burly and the largest of them all. Mira felt like a dwarf in comparison to these guys.

"I told the guys about you and they were eager to meet you," James said, grinning.

"What! What did you tell them?" Mira looked at James, shocked and embarrassed.

"Well... you know..." James winked at her.

Mira looked at the guys and their knowing smiles. Mira was visibly embarrassed. She blushed and sheepishly looked at the floor.

James was standing to her left and Michael to her right. Jamal was sitting on a barstool to Michael's left while Jerome sat in the barstool in front of her. Michael had his phone out and was videoing the scene. Mira thought that was curious.

James saw her looking at Michael. "Mike's our Social Media Director," he laughed. "He takes shots of our vacations and puts them up on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, and ummm, other sites."

Michael zoomed in on Mira. "Yeah, we get a lot of likes for our specialist videos. I think you'd appreciate them."

"Mira and James paid a visit to my shack the other day. Did you enjoy the place, Mira?" Jerome asked. The guys chuckled at his loaded question.

It was clear to Mira that James and Jerome had spilt the beans on their fun. But instead of being offended and confronting them, she strangely felt the opposite. She could see the blatant desire in each man's eyes and that made her pussy tingle. She had never been so openly ogled, and being the centre of attention like this was arousing. She could feel her nipples harden as the men teased her about her visit to the shack. Nothing was said that an outsider would link to her being fucked by two of the two guys surrounding her, but to her, it was as intoxicating as the beer her husband had consumed.

She caught Michael glancing at her butt through the camera. She was wearing a pair of denim shorts and a white halter top. She wasn't particularly dressed for a night club, but her curves were quite clear even through these clothes.

"You know my bro's here are just like me... you know what I mean?" James winked at her.

Mira blushed and the guys had a good laugh at her embarrassment. "I know how Jerome is... don't know about the others." Mira replied.

"Care to find out?" Michael retorted. The guys laughed again.

Mira was already feeling a light buzz. She had four beers with her husband and two more with the guys. As she got higher, her inhibitions got lower.

"Last order guys," the bartender said, leaning over the bar.

"Don't keep the lady waiting here my man... get her a drink," Michael said to the bartender. The other guys placed their orders.

The bartender went to make up the order, shaking his head. 'That girl is going to have some fun tonight,' he thought.

"You know we can keep this party going at the villa," Jamal finally uttered a word in a deep, gravelly voice.

"Oh yeah... we can. Jamal and Michael have taken a villa. It's nearby. Wanna join us?" James asked Mira.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/blacked-in-goa-ch-05?page=2

"Ummmm... but... Mmmm," Mira hesitated.

"It's a nice place. It's nice and roomy plus it has a huge ass hot tub," Michael said, trying to convince her.

"Ya. Far better than my place," Jerome interjected.

"C'mon Mira. It's your last night here... c'mon... it'll be fun... don't worry... I'll be with you," James pleaded.

"But my husband?" Mira asked.

"Don't worry about him. Karishma and Tyrone would have dropped him at the hotel by now. He's knocked out cold and won't be waking up till morning. I've never seen anyone go down so hard on beer," James replied, shaking his head.

"We'll drop you home later. Don't worry, we look after our guests," Michael said, focusing his phone's camera on Mira's cleavage.

Mira hesitated. She knew what the guys intended and that aroused her. She also knew her husband was with her on their vacation and there could be serious consequences to this if he found out. But what if she couldn't get back to her hotel well before her husband woke up out of his stupor? What if she was careful not to leave any marks on her body? Mira pondered over so many conflicting questions. A part of her wanted to go back to her husband and another part wanted to go with the guys... she was so confused.

"Ok, I'll come with you guys. But only if you drop me back to the hotel," Mira said, finally coming to a decision.

"Alright!" the guys said in unison, followed by a round of high fives.

They quickly finished their drinks, settled the bill and headed out. Mira's heart was beating so fast she thought it would burst.

They reached the parking lot and Jamal got into his hired four-seat sedan.

"Mira can sit on my lap. It's only a short drive, just a couple of minutes away," James said, rubbing his hand over her ass.

Jamal and Jerome sat in the front. Mira got inside the car and sat on James' lap in the back seat, Michael jumping in beside them. Mira could feel James' erection poking at her butt through his pants.

Jamal drove like a man possessed and they were at the villa in a couple of minutes. It was a white two-story building. A tall white wall surrounded the villa for three sides while the fourth side faced the sea. They fell out of the car and went inside.

Since it was a villa on rent, it was only modestly decorated. A couple of couches in the living room, a television on the wall opposite one of the couches. Though the house was modestly furnished, the bar cabinet in the corner of the bar wasn't. It was stocked with a wide assortment of liquor. On display was everything from whiskey to rum, from vodka to gin.

"The bedrooms are upstairs," Michael said, showing her around the ground floor.

They all turned when they heard a shout behind them. Tyrone was right behind them, carrying Raghav over his shoulder. Even after that bumpy drive, he was still knocked out.

"I'll just put him to bed upstairs and join you guys in a minute," Tyrone said as he walked upstairs.

"C'mon Mira. The best part of the house is right out there," James said as he held her hand and walked ahead.

Across the living room, there was a French window and across that was a large balcony which overlooked the ocean. It was built on stilts with stairs leading straight down to the beach. The floor of the balcony was made of wood. The balcony was lit with dim mood lighting. James and Mira walked over to one end of the balcony. There was a large hot tub, big enough to fit four or five people. There was a wooden bench facing the beach and also a counter to keep the drinks for the tenants.

When the music began playing, Mira turned around. Michael was carrying a few bottles of liquor in his hands towards them. Behind him, Jamal was carrying a pack of beer and glasses.

"Now that sets the mood guys," James said excitedly.

Karishma and Tyrone joined them a few moments later. "Your husband is sleeping peacefully upstairs. You can now relax and enjoy the drinks." Karishma told Mira, sounding quite reassuring.

"What happened?" asked Mira. "How come you're here with Raghav?"

Karishma shrugged, "The night manager was behind the desk talking to someone and I couldn't grab the room key. Tyrone thought it would be best to bring him back here. He had this strange idea you'd all be here."

"What do you want to drink Mira?" Michael asked standing near the counter. He was playing the bartender and videographer for the night.

"A beer would be fine," Mira replied.

"Here you go..." he said, handing her a cold one before handing one to everyone.

They opened their beer and James raised his to a toast.

"To our friend Mira and her incredible vacation in Goa, and may her last night here be memorable," he said as they all raised their bottles and clinked them together.

"Cheers!!!" they all said emphatically and in unison.

Mira wasn't as loud as everyone else. She was a naturally shy person and more so in the company of strangers. Even though a lot of water had passed under the bridge in the last week, she was still essentially the same person as she was when she first landed in Goa. Also, she reminded herself, her husband was asleep just a few feet away from them. She knew what the guys wanted, but she really wasn't sure. Five guys? And Karishma?

"I'm starting the hot tub. Who wants to jump in?" Michael asked.

"I do!" said an excited Karishma.

"Well then I do too," Tyrone declared, rapidly followed by Jamal and Jerome.

"Mira doesn't want to, I guess." James chuckled.

"Well, I don't know... ummm... maybe later?" Mira said nervously.

Michael started the hot tub and everyone got busy with drinks and chat. Karishma was a lively girl and seemed comfortable with them all. Mira wondered if she had been with these guys before.

James pulled her away from the group and they stood near the edge of the balcony, listening to the waves crash on the shore.

"So this is your last night here huh?" he asked, holding her hands.

"Ya... we leave tomorrow morning," Mira replied sadly.

"We're never going to see each other then?"

"I don't know... I guess we won't."

"You're an incredible woman Mira. I'll never forget you." James said as he tucked her hair behind her ear. Mira blushed, listening to the praise.

"I'll never forget you either James. You're amazing." Mira said. She could feel her pulse quicken.

"Last nights should be memorable shouldn't they?" he asked.

"Hmm..." was all she could say before she felt his hand gently touch her cheek. She closed her eyes and felt his delicate touch. His hand caressed her cheek and then his finger brushed her lips. Mira's nipples hardened as her lover touched her after so many days apart.

"Ummm..." She moaned as she felt his thick lips against her. He caught her upper lip in his and kissed her. She raised herself on her toes to embrace him and kissed him back.

When Raghav arrived, Mira thought she wouldn't have a chance of meeting James again, let alone sharing an intimate moment. And now that she finally was having that moment, there was a sense of relief but also a sense of sorrow knowing that they would never meet again.

With that thought in mind, Mira kissed James as passionately as she could. James had his hands on her butt, propping her up as he kissed her with equal passion. In that moment of intense passion, they had forgotten that they had company and were completely oblivious to the others.

"Ummmm..." she moaned as he squeezed her ass. She tightened her hands behind his neck and pulled him closer.

He kissed her lips and licked them. His tongue probed the insides of her mouth where it met her tongue. Their tongues clashed and danced as they kissed fervently. She moaned into his mouth as her arousal peaked. Her hands moved on his smooth bald head while his hands moved the length of her back. Oh, how she wished they were alone.

They kissed for several minutes before moving apart. They both could see the fire of lust in each other's eyes as they stared into one another.

"Aarrhmmm... aarrhhmmm... guys... the hot tub is ready." Jerome coughed and said, standing near them.

It was as if a spell had broken and they were back into the world they had left behind for those few minutes.

They looked back and saw that everyone was about to get into the tub. Jamal had taken off his shirt and was taking off his shorts. He was of a chubbier built and with his height, made him look like a giant. He had a large stomach and a flabby chest. When he took off his shorts, his thick legs came into view. He was wearing a pair of boxers which accentuated his large butt.

Next to undress was Michael. As he took off his t-shirt, his lean, toned and muscular body came into view. He wasn't as bulked up as James but had a well defined cut body. Like James, he had a shaved chest with no hair on his body. He had a well pronounced set of abs with the top four clearly visible under the dim lights. As he slid down his pants, his perfectly toned and rather cute butt came into view. He was wearing a black low rise brief which barely hid that cute ass. He'd swapped his phone for an actual camera, which Mira assumed was waterproof.

Tyrone was next. He was the tallest of them all. He didn't have a muscled body or even an athletic one for that matter. He had a slim build with long arms and sparse curly hair on his chest. He reminded Mira of a basketball player.

As the three men climbed into the tub, Karishma stood next to it. She was still completely dressed in her t-shirt and jeans. She was taking small sips of beer and grooving to the music playing in the background. The guys had their eyes fixated on her, and Michael had the lens aimed on her body. Her beautiful lush hair swung in the flowing sea breeze while her eyes were closed as she moved to the rhythm. She moved her hips rhythmically, accentuating her supple butt under the tight jeans.

Matching the beat, she held the hem of her t-shirt and started pulling it over her head. The guys stood captivated as her bra clasped boobs came into view. It was as if their eyes would pop out. She pulled the t-shirt off her head and threw it on the floor. She was wearing a white bra - nothing fancy, just a regular working bra. Her breasts were evidently larger than Mira's by a couple of sizes. The bra seemed a little tight which made her ample cleavage pop out forming a deep valley between her globes. The cups of her bra were low cut and ended just teasingly above her nipples.

Still moving to the music, she unbuttoned her jeans, then put her fingers inside the band and slowly peeled them off. She bent over as they came down which gave James and Jerome, who were standing behind her, a clear view of her ample, curvaceous butt. Both of them moaned "ohhhh" with their lips circled as she took off her pants and let them lie at her feet.

She gingerly stepped out of her jeans and turned to face Mira. Still dancing to the music, she made her way to Mira and put her hands on her shoulders, pulling her close. Mira giggled in embarrassment but the goosebumps on her body betrayed the unique arousal she felt. Never ever had a half-naked woman embraced her like this and she was quite a bit confused on how she felt about it.

Karishma then flitted towards James who was just a couple of feet away. She went up to him still swinging those hips. She snaked her hands around his neck and kissed him full on the lips. Mira watched with a pang of jealousy she never felt before as she saw her lover kiss another woman. What drove her jealousy even more, was that James was kissing her back while his hands squeezed her almost naked butt.

Karishma turned around and bent over, grinding her ass into James' crotch. James laughed as he held her waist and rubbed his crotch harder. For Mira, it was strange to feel jealous. She knew James wasn't exclusively her's, but she had difficulty watching this. Though there were four other men here, she only wanted James for herself. She didn't mind James sharing her with other men but couldn't fathom sharing James with another woman. And yet, she couldn't say anything at that moment.

After twerking her hips towards James, Karishma moved to the tub. She gingerly stepped into the tub making herself comfortable between Michael and Tyrone while Jamal was to Tyrone's right. Michael made sure her cleavage was suitably recorded.

Jerome quickly got rid of his shorts and t-shirt and got into the tub and James followed suit. All eyes were on Mira, waiting for her to join them. Though a bit conscious of taking off her clothes in front of so many people, a thought came to her mind that if she didn't take the initiative Karishma would, and James would be with her. So without another thought, she quickly got down to her underwear and slowly got into the tub between James and Jerome.

Michael got out and quickly fetched everyone a bottle of beer and they all cozied up in the hot tub. Though it was a large tub, seven people made it very crowded. The warm water and the cold beer were very relaxing and everyone had let their hair down. Mira had now completely relaxed to her own semi-nakedness and of the near nakedness of everyone around her.

Mira looked across the tub and noticed Karishma's arms move in an unusual manner. Most of her arm was submerged under the water but was moving up and down. Michael and Tyrone who were sitting next to her were smirking. She looked around and everyone was smirking. And that's when she realised why! Karishma was giving Michael and Tyrone handjobs under the water.

Though she couldn't see Karishma's hands wrapped around their cocks, the very idea that it was happening right in front of her was very arousing, just adding fuel to the fire that had started in her loins back when she saw James in the club. In the midst of the bubbling water, Mira could see the small waves caused by the vigorous jerking of Karishma's hands. She was aroused, but not scandalized; how one week could change a lifetime of values!

"Karishma's got right down to business," James chuckled. Karishma responded with a smirk and a wink.

'She is indeed a bold woman,' thought Mira.

"Ohh so let them titties bounce Karishma!" Jamal exclaimed, with the excitement of a child wanting to see a new toy.

"Yeah, let them free!" Jerome said. Karishma teasingly refused with a shake of her head.

"Let them free! Let them free! Let them free!" the men chanted, cheering her on.

That made Karishma giggle and she obliged. Slowly reaching behind, she unhooked her bra and let it slide off her chest and into the bubbling water. Since she was sitting in the tub, her nipples were just under the waterline with only her ample cleavage on display. She watched the men gawk at her with a foxy smile. She knew how to be a tease and she loved it. She was opposite to Mira in terms of personality. Mira was coy while Karishma was brazen. Mira had to be drawn out of her shell to do something like this while Karishma loved making an entrance.

Mira knew this and was feeling a bit threatened but she too was curious to see her rival's tits. A mixture of arousal, curiosity and jealousy was floating in her mind.

"Wanna see more?" Karishma asked, teasing the men.

"Oh yeahhh," James declared.

"Yesss..." said Michael, forgetting about his camera work.

"Fuck yeah man," Jerome said with a loud clap.

Tyrone nodded his head vigorously while Jamal kept gawking at Karishma.

She smiled seductively at them. They were eating out of her hand. Right where she wanted them to be.

Karishma raised herself just a bit for the nipple to rise above the water before quickly sitting down.

"Whooppss!" Karishma said and laughed teasingly.

The boys chuckled too, urging her to show them her tits.

"Oh, c'mon girl... show them titties..." Michael pleaded, remembering his other duty and focusing on the girl beside him.

"Oh okay... alright... Just because you asked so nicely," Karishma purred, slowly standing up. Standing with her hip bent, she placed her magnificent body on display for everyone. The dripping water and the dim lights made her sexy bod glimmer and appear more attractive than it already was.

"Hey! why am I the only one showing everything here?" Karishma complained with one hand still on her waist, looking down at the five slack-jawed males drooling at her.

Nothing more needed to be said and the boys, without hesitation, got up and took off their underwear like it was on fire. Five hard cocks sprang out all around the tub in a massive sausage fest. Mira and Karishma both gasped audibly. Black dicks of all shapes and sizes were on display. Thick and long; hairy and bald, everything was available for their inspection. Each of the men stood proudly with their hands on their hips showing off their weapons.

Mira, who was still sitting, had Jerome's and James' cocks tantalizingly close to her lips. She could see every vein, every ripple that was etched into her memory. It took all her self control not to lean over and swallow their glorious erect cocks.

Karishma watched spellbound and absentmindedly licked her lips at the sight of these naked black men. She was looking forward to tasting them all, but she was going to enjoy making the men cry in frustration first.

"Mira, it's your turn now honey. Off it goes!" Karishma said, pointing at her bra.

With still a tinge of shyness in her, Mira hesitated. She was aroused but still a bit shy about undressing in front of all these strangers. She looked up at James who smiled at her and nodded at her to go ahead.

"Let me help you honey," Karishma said as she stepped towards Mira. She sat down in front of her and cupped Mira's soft melons with her hands.

"Mmmmm... nice..." Karishma said, softly kneading Mira's bra covered breasts. Her white bra was wet and had now become more of a transparent film barely hiding anything.

"You're so hot, so beautiful... so... So sexy," Karishma whispered, bringing her lips close to Mira's and placing a soft kiss on them. Karishma's touch was so different to a man's. They were firm - even when trying to be gentle, but hers was so soft, so delicate and so precise, knowing full well how a woman needed to be touched. Mira shuddered as she felt Karishma's hands and lips on her while the cocks around them twitched in excitement at watching these two women kiss.

Mira closed her eyes as their lips engaged in a full kiss. Never had she felt this way and never had she even thought of kissing a woman but now that she had, she questioned herself why she hadn't tried before. Karishma and Mira started kissing like lovers. Karishma worked on her boobs making Mira moan into her mouth.

The guys couldn't resist anymore and each one of them started stroking their own cocks vigorously watching the scene unfold. Michael slowly stepped out of the tub and with one eye on the action between the ladies set up a tripod to hold the camera. Once he was happy everything was in the frame, he leapt back into the water and resumed ogling the girls.

As Mira got completely lost in the kiss, Karishma slyly moved her hand behind and unhooked her bra. Though Mira heard the snip and felt the bra loosen, she was too far gone to resist and she let the bra slide off her chest and into the water.

Karishma broke the kiss and backed off, allowing everyone to see Mira's magnificent breasts. If Karishma's boobs were eye-popping, then Mira's tits were mind-blowing. Smooth, fair, large and beautiful, all the adjectives in the English language wouldn't suffice to describe the beauty of her breasts, so much so that they even had Karishma drooling.

Everyone was teased enough; now they were primed and ready to go. Karishma slid back and sat down in the tub. Michael and Tyrone quickly took spots next to her pointing their cocks in her face. Gently taking them into her hands she stroked them, looking up at them with a foxy smile. A few more strokes then she took Michael in her mouth. He groaned and threw his head back as he felt her warm mouth.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/blacked-in-goa-ch-05?page=3

Mira looked up at James who was getting into position. She held his cock and gently pulled him in position. She then looked at Jerome and grabbed his cock. She stroked both of them together but watched Karishma as she switched from Michael to Tyrone.

Mira then licked the underside of James' glans a couple of times before popping it into her mouth. She relished his salty taste and musky aroma as she swirled her tongue around his cockhead. She was hungry for his cock. Holding Jerome's dick firmly she stroked him. She was now a pro at giving a double blowjob, having sucked on them for an entire day. Switching between licking his shaft, sucking his balls and engulfing his cock in her mouth, Mira went around expertly pleasing his phallus. She then switched to Jerome and let his long cock slide in and out of her mouth as her tongue rubbed the underside of his monster.

Out of the corner of her eye, she tried to see what Karishma was doing but Jamal's fat ass blocked her view. He was standing in front of her and it was evident from the gagging and slurping noises that Karishma was now sucking Jamal. From the sides of his large body she could see her hands still working on Michael and Tyrone.

Mira switched back to James as he held her head and fucked her mouth. Sliding it half in a few times before pushing it all the way to the hilt, he fucked her mouth like the expert he was. To accommodate his massive organ completely inside her mouth, Mira relaxed allowing him to bury his cock right to the back of her throat. Though she gagged a little, she didn't allow him to pull out. A few moments later James pulled out and Mira gasped for air as her throat cleared.

"Give me that," she moaned as she pulled Jerome towards her and took his cock inside her mouth. Jerome did the same as James, fucking her mouth roughly.

James had been keenly watching Karishma work on the other three men, and he wanted her mouth on his cock now. He waded through the water, pushing the rest of the men aside and took his place in front of Karishma. Like an obedient slut, Karishma immediately started working on his cock; sucking, licking and kissing his phallus.

Mira glanced at James' ass, which was just in front of her. His muscular, taut butt was clenched as his cock was being serviced. It looked so sexy, so strong, so biteable. Pushing Jerome back Mira quickly made it behind James and squeezed his ass. She lowered her mouth on his butt, at first licking the entirety of it and then slapping it. She loved spanking him and now realised why James loved spanking her. The pleasure was not just in getting spanked but also in the spanking. The harder her slaps got, the deeper James pushed into Karishma's mouth. First came Mira's slap, then James' groan and then Karishma's gag. Mira giggled at the thought she was indirectly fucking Karishma's mouth.

Spreading his butt cheeks, Mira spied his chocolate brown asshole and the massive balls that hung under. She bent lower and licked his balls. James spread his legs just enough to give her room to lick him and Mira went to work. Sucking and licking his massive ball sack, she drooled on them making them all wet and shiny. She then dragged her tongue from the balls along the perineum before wiggling her tongue on his clenched butthole. Her act was so dirty but so sexy. She didn't need any compelling or any force; she was doing at her own will. Her pussy was on fire like never before.

"Put that finger in my ass!" James groaned. He had clutched Karishma's wet hair in his hand as he ruthlessly fucked her mouth.

Without a second thought, Mira pushed her index finger into his ass. Initially, there was some resistance but a harder push saw it go in.

"Ohh yeahhhh! Fucckkk yeaaaaahh..." James howled, clutching Karishma's hair tighter making her groan.

"You like that?" Mira managed to ask between her licks.

"Fucking shit I do... don't stop you whore." James replied with an urgent groan, grinding his teeth.

This raw, animalistic and extremely vulgar James was so hot that she wanted more of him and pushed her finger deeper, rotating it as well.

"Aaarggh... yes..." James howled.

"Keep... doing... that... fucking... whore..." he growled, uttering a word with each slam into Karishma's mouth.

It was a scene straight out of a porn movie. A large black man standing naked in a hot tub with a naked woman in front of him sucking his cock and a naked woman behind licking his ass. Simply the way he had pushed the other men aside and had these women servicing him exclusively clearly showed who was the alpha male amongst them. The others though didn't complain but watched with awe as the naked sluts gorged on him.

The double assault on his cock and ass was so overwhelming that he could feel his orgasm approaching. Never had he ever felt like cumming so soon before. With all the will power he could muster James managed to push both women away to avoid cumming before he wanted to.

James looked down at his cock which was covered with a thick coat of Karishma's saliva. He sat down in the tub, pulled both women close and kissed them each as passionately as he could. All three tongues danced together in a threesome of kisses. When they were done, all three sat in the tub with the girls giggling next to each other.

"Fuck that was amazing," James sighed as he opened a beer and gulped it down.

Michael handed the girls a beer each, which they gladly accepted.

"Fuck bro... they're good," Tyrone said in admiration.

"Uhhmm," the others nodded in agreement.

"You're so good Mira. When you checked into the hotel, I thought you were just another boring housewife but then my opinion changed when I heard your moans from James's room and now I've got to see it myself," Karishma said, rubbing her hand over Mira's thigh.

"But I knew you were a naughty little slut yourself when I first saw you," Mira replied. Everyone burst into a laugh hearing that.

"True that," Michael said as he put the camera back on the tripod. He took his job seriously and took every opportunity to focus his camera on the two gorgeous women. He was anxious to get in amongst the action, but he knew the guys were relying on him to preserve the memories of the alcohol-fueled night.

Karishma smiled at the attention they were getting, but she wanted more. She leaned across and kissed Mira. This time there was no hesitation from her. Mira held her cheek and kissed back with a passion driven by lust. Karishma kissed her way down Mira's cheek, her neck and settled on her luscious breasts. She sucked on them so softly, unlike James or any other man for that matter. Mira closed her eyes and rested her head against the edge of the tub as Karishma squeezed and sucked on her melons.

"Turn around honey," Karishma whispered to Mira. Mira turned around and got on her knees. She placed her hands on the edge of the tub and raised her ass above the waterline. She knew what Karishma was planning to do, and if her boob sucking was any indication what she was about to do would be equally good. Probably better. Her pussy tingled in anticipation of a woman touching her vagina for the first time.

Karishma waded through the water past the appreciative guys and kneeled behind Mira. She spread her ass cheeks. As her glistening pussy came into view, Karishma slowly put her tongue out and licked the entire length of her pussy making Mira shudder. She pried open her lips and licked the insides. She then found her clit and sucked on it. Mira hung her head down from the edge of the tub as Karishma licked her cunt.

Having her pussy eaten by a woman was something new for Mira but she could tell it definitely was not the first time for Karishma. Everyone has life-changing moments; sometimes it can be a fleeting moment while sometimes the experience can last for days. From cheating on her husband to being double penetrated by two men; from getting eaten out by a woman or getting gangbanged, Mira had in just one week done it all. Holidays should be about searching for new experiences and it was certainly true for this one.

Tyrone was quick to move and got out of the tub. He stepped in front of Mira and raised her head with his finger. Mira looked up at Tyrone before opening her mouth allowing him to enter. Jamal had made himself comfortable kneeling behind Karishma and eating her out. While Jamal lacked in the size of his tool, he made up with his superior cunnilingus skills. He had Karishma moaning, happily on her way to an orgasm.

Karishma upped the ante by pushing two fingers up Mira's pussy and her thumb into her tight butthole while her tongue wriggled on her clit. It felt so good that Mira had to stop sucking Tyrone to look back at Karishma. "Oohhhh....that's so good..." she cooed. She turned back to suck the cock in front of her.

"Mmmmm... mmhhmmm... ooohh!" Karishma moaned as her first orgasm approached.

Mira wasn't far behind as her muffled moans began to rise in volume. As Jamal started licking Karishma faster, Karishma licked Mira faster and it seemed both women would cum at the same time. Not wanting to break the rhythm, the three mustered on. The women's moans turned to groans as their orgasms fast approached. Mira was the first one to go when she bucked her hips violently as the orgasm hit her. She stopped sucking Tyrone, only lightly holding his cock in her mouth. Just a couple of moments later, Karishma bellowed with her own orgasm as Jamal frantically ate her out.

Mira collapsed on the seat of the tub with Karishma crawling up next to her. They looked exhausted but equally satisfied.

"Get them beers man. They deserve it," James said proudly.

Tyrone fetched a few beers and handed them around. The women gulped down their drinks thirstily.

James, Jerome and Michael had been keenly watching the whole show with a beer in one hand and their raging hard cocks in the other.

Jerome beckoned Mira with a finger and like an obedient slut she crawled towards him. Pulling Mira close to his crotch, Jerome placed his cock snugly between her breasts. She pushed her breasts together, enveloping his cock and started bobbing up and down. The stiff black cock was a stark contrast to the milky white boobs that it was pressed against.

With every forceful downward push, the water splashed up over her chest and face. And also as every time she pushed down, the tip of his cock hit her in the throat. She promptly tilted her head down and opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out for his cock. It would pop out of her cleavage as she pushed down and then slid into her waiting mouth. The warm water with a liberal quantity of precum made the experience smooth. In between her strokes, she would stop and suck on his cockhead that popped out of her cleavage.

"Look at me," Jerome said. Mira looked up at him, not stopping her bobbing. "Open your mouth," he ordered.

She looked up and closed her eyes as a stream of cold beer landed on her face; first her cheeks and nose, then her forehead and finally some in her hair. Jerome bathed her in beer and then let the stream fall into her mouth. She closed her mouth with a mouthful of beer, gulped it down and resumed sucking his cock.

Jamal, who had been waiting at her side, came up to her offering his cock. Mira turned her head sideways to suck his cock and quickly wrapped a hand around Jerome, not missing a stroke.

Jamal's cock was the smallest of them all but in comparison, still larger than Raghav. He was also the most junior in the group and the other guys pushed him around a bit. But after hearing Karishma's moans as Jamal ate her, it was abundantly clear that he was no novice to this.

"Oh yeaahahhh... mmpphhfff..." Karishma's loud moan echoed behind her.

Mira turned back and saw Michael was pushing his cock into her pussy while Tyrone was fucking her mouth. Mira watched spellbound as for the first time she looked at another woman having sex in front of her. Karishma was the other end of the tub with her ass facing Mira while Michael was crouching behind her pushing his hips into her. His legs were spread just enough for Mira to get a clear view of his cock ploughing in and out of her cunt.

Tyrone and Michael were with Karishma, and Jerome and Jamal with her; she looked around to find James and saw him on his seat sipping his beer happily watching the show.

"Baby... come here and take your place," Mira urged James.

James gulped down the beer and waded through the water towards Mira. He kneeled behind her and Mira raised her ass to align his cock with her cunt. He grabbed her cheeks and placed his thick erect cock at the opening of her waiting hole. Without using his hands, he slid his cock inside her in a firm, yet smooth stroke right up to his balls.

"Ooohhhh... fuucckkk..." Mira groaned in pleasure and relief as she finally had him inside her. Though it was just three days ago, she felt as if he hadn't fucked her in a very long time. She had yearned for his cock and now it was inside her, deep where she desperately wanted it. She bit her lip, muffling her moan as she felt his cocking pulsing inside her.

James knew she was primed for a hard fuck. Gripping her as tightly as he could, he pulled out and pushed back in, balls deep.

"Aaahhhhhh..."Mira gasped. He pulled back out and pushed it back in all the way.

"Aaaaaaaahhhhh..." she moaned with the feeling of her walls stretching around his magnificent weapon.

"Aaaaahhh... aaaahhhhh... aaaaahhhh..." Mira gasped every time he slammed his cock into her ravenous cunt.

"Oh shit, look at her maan..." Jerome said, pointing at Mira's delirious state. Her mouth was wide open and her eyes turned white as her black bull fucked her. Though Mira hadn't been sucking them, Jamal and Jerome were super hard just watching her getting fucked.

James soon settled into a steady rhythm, pushing his cock in half way and pulling it back. After every few strokes, he would slam his cock fully into her making her gasp loudly. When she managed to open her eyes, she saw two dangling cocks in her face and she promptly started sucking on them one by one. Her hands were resting in Jerome's thighs while her tits were partly submerged in the warm water, swinging in time with James' assault.

Mira and Karishma moaned loudly as they were drilled in the hot tub. The water splashed around in waves from the hard pushing, some even spilling out of the tub.

"Awww... yeahhh her mouth feels so goood," Jamal groaned as he looked down at this gorgeous Indian woman sucking his manhood.

"Wait till you feel her pussy," James laughed while fucking her relentlessly. He had been working her body hard for several minutes now but he didn't sound out of breath. Mira was always in awe of his amazing stamina and tonight wasn't any different.

"Yeah, can't wait to fuck that sweet looking pussy," Jamal chuckled as he held her head and started fucking her mouth. The camera in his hand was now focused on the cock moving in and out of her mouth. Michael had passed it across to him so Jamal could focus on Mira. Tonight, she was the star of this show.

"Hey man, I got dibs on those lips," Jerome declared as he grabbed her wet hair and pulled her mouth over to his cock, which she promptly started sucking.

Mira felt like a cheap whore listening to them talking about her being used like that but strangely she also felt proud. She had never felt such a rush in her life as being the centre of their attention.

Jamal turned the camera towards Karishma and saw her being fucked hard by Michael. She was now hollering as he pummeled her and her next orgasm was approaching. The slapping genitals, the splashing water, the grunts and the moans drowned out the sounds of the sea.

"Ummmppff... I'm cumming... I'm cummingg..." Karishma moaned, popping Tyrone's cock out of her mouth. Her shuddering, spasming body making it evident she was hitting the limit of her control.

Hearing another woman cumming by being fucked triggered Mira's approaching orgasm. Her muffled moans grew louder and hearing her, James started fucking her harder.

"Aaagghhrrrrr...fuckkk....haaaaaa." Karishma wailed as Michael made her cum.

Michael slowly pulled out of her allowing her shivering body to recover from that massive orgasm. Tyrone had backed out and was sipping his beer near the tub.

While the trio took a break, the others were still humping. James was pounding hard from behind while Mira hungrily sucked off Jerome and Jamal. With three cocks working on her, a massive orgasm was imminent. Her muffled moans turned to muffled grunts as she came closer and closer to the orgasm.

She refused to let go of Jerome's cock but instead pursed her lips tighter around his cock while her hand vigorously stroked Jamal.

"Aaarrggmmpfff..." she moaned as her back arched from that orgasm. Her hand and mouth tightened making each of the guys groan with her. Her body sprang in the water like a fish as the orgasm shook her. James stayed buried inside her, enjoying the heavenly tightness of her spasming pussy.

It took quite a while for her to get down from her orgasmic high. She had released her grip on Jamal and had taken Jerome out of her mouth. She rested her head against Jerome's thigh as she tried catching her breath.

James quietly pulled out, giving her ass a gentle slap. "Good girl," he said proudly.

Still a bit shaky, Mira turned around to face James. Kneeling, she took his cock back into her mouth. She gently stroked his cock while her tongue traversed the underside. She looked up into his eyes maintaining eye contact as she kept licking his balls.

'Oh those eyes, that sexy stare, could make a man cum in spurts.' James thought, and pulled her up to kiss her. She indeed was a remarkable woman, irresistible. Too bad she was going away he thought as their tongues clashed.

"Let's go inside... there isn't enough space here." James ordered.

He broke the kiss and picked her up and stepped out of the water. Michael picked Karishma up and followed James. Jamal picked up the icebox filled with beer while the rest of the naked guys followed. They strangely walked in a straight line, like a marching formation. Mira felt like being escorted by a firing squad. They indeed packed 'large weapons'.

They walked into the bedroom on the ground floor and plunked both women on the bed. The men stood around the bed and admired the naked women. Mira absentmindedly curled her hair while Karishma was still on the bed cooing.

"So who wants a go?" asked James, waving a hand at the two women.

"Don't mind if I do. Been waiting for this," Tyrone said as he stepped on the bed and kneeled towards Mira. In spite of being the tallest of the guys, Tyrone didn't pack a cock as thick as James or as long as Jerome but it was still pretty large.

Mira spread her legs welcoming her new lover who kneeled between her legs, pointing his cock straight at her waiting cunt. He raised her legs and placed them on his shoulder and then pushed his cock inside her. The abrupt penetration caused a slight discomfort making Mira arch her back. Tyrone started fucking her hard from the word go.

Michael quickly came to Mira's side and kneeled down to suck on her erect nipples while she reached under him and stroked his cock.

While two men took Mira, the rest moved on Karishma. She too, like Mira, was on her back with James fucking her cunt while Jamal and Jerome kneeled next to her head getting their cocks sucked.

Michael sucked on Mira's nipples skillfully. First kissing and licking her entire breast, then licking her areola and her hard nipple and then opening his mouth and lowering it on the nipple to suck it hard. As his mouth closed on her nipple, his tongue swirled around the turgid tip and then the lips closed as he sucked. He squeezed her breast making her nipple protrude outward and then sucked on it. He sucked on it hard and then pulled back till it escaped with a slurping sound.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/blacked-in-goa-ch-05?page=4

Mira though, couldn't see much of it as his head blocked her view, but she could feel every bit of it and she approved with moans and caresses to his head. Meanwhile, Tyrone was going at it with a steady pace. The bedroom was much more comfortable than the cramped tub and the bed was large and strong enough to take the weight of seven people at a time.

Michael sat up and pointed his cock at her mouth which she promptly sucked on. Licking, lapping, kissing and sucking, she did it all and did so with enthusiasm. So many cocks to taste and so many cocks to fuck... she wanted it all.

Behind Michael, Karishma was hungrily sucking on Jerome and Jamal turn by turn while the alpha cock of James ploughed her pussy.

"Shit... look at this slut... her husband's literally a few feet above us and she's taking and sucking black cock here," Michael chuckled as he slapped his cock on her lips and tongue.

It took a couple of seconds to register the fact that her husband was indeed a few feet away from them. The moans and grunts from the seven were loud enough to wake up anyone. The moment her brain registered that thought, Mira sat up with a gasp. She pushed Tyrone and Michael away and jumped off the bed.

"My husband!" she yelped, scurrying out of the room. Her reaction was so abrupt and extreme that everyone stopped doing what they were and watched her run out of the room.

Mira quickly climbed up the stairs and realized as she got to the top that there wasn't a single piece of cloth covering her. If her husband was indeed awake or woke up when she went to see him, things would be a disaster. She thought for a second about where her clothes were but realised they were strewn outside around the tub. Mira decided to take a risk that Raghav was awake and tipped toed towards the bedroom. She could hear Karishma's moans from downstairs. She wanted to get back quickly and resume her fucking.

She slowly reached the door and gently opened it and peeped in. Raghav was on the bed. He was lying on his stomach with his face resting on his right cheek. She opened the door a bit more and carefully looked at him. His chest was heaving slowly like a person in deep slumber. Taking a risk she slowly walked up to him and stood next to him

She looked at his watch. It was 1:45 am - barely an hour and a half since they left the bar. A lot had transpired in that time. Raghav was still unconscious in a deep alcoholic slumber. Mira shook her head in disappointment. She had never imagined a day would come where she would be standing naked in front of her husband while coital juices from another man would be trickling down her legs.

She sighed and slowly walked out of the bedroom. She had never seen him in such a sorry state. As she closed the door, she turned around to check if her husband had woken up as she was closing the door. Her head was peeping inside the room while her body was bent over trying to hide her nakedness.

Just as she was about to close the door, she felt a hand tightly grip her waist. Before she could turn around and look, she felt a cock smoothly penetrate her and one hand reached and gripped her head. With a vice-like grip holding her, she couldn't look back and couldn't step back. Whoever was behind her started fucking her hard straight away. Mira bit her lip tight to keep from moaning and waking up her husband.

She couldn't see who was fucking her, but she knew it was James. Only he had the audacity to grab her like that and fuck her in front of her husband. She also knew from the feeling inside her. Every inch of her vagina was familiar with his cock, every inch of her body was familiar with his strong hands. And every cell in her brain was compliant to her bull.

"Ummmppppp." She bit her lip tight to avoid moaning but every hard stroke made it harder to control herself. Even if she wasn't moaning, his heavy balls slapped against her swollen cunt so hard that even a deaf guy would hear their vulgar copulation.

What turned on Mira more than James' skilful and powerful fucking was the fact that she was getting fucked just a few feet away from her husband. She was cheating on her husband right in front of him. She was being ravaged by another man right in front of him. But he was sleeping like a baby.

"Ohhh fuck me James... fuck me..." she finally moaned, without fear of waking up her husband.

"So you know it's me?" James laughed, still stroking her hard.

"Yesssss... I know every inch of you and you know every inch of me... aargghh..." Mira replied.

"Look, your husband is right there... and you're getting fucked right here... that turns you on?" James teased her.

"Ohhh yesss... don't stop," Mira moaned in approval.

"You cheating whore... take my cock... take it!" James grunted, slamming even harder.

"Give it to me... give it to meee..." Mira moaned, gritting her teeth.

"You cheating whore... you like black cocks, don't you slut?" James said as he gripped her hair and pulled back hard.

"Aarrgghhhh... yessss... I love black cocks!!!"

"You want more... huh... you want more?" James slapped her ass hard.

"Yesss..." Mira bit her lip hard and moaned as she came. She came harder than she had ever before. The orgasm was a manifestation of pleasure, guilt, fear and so many other emotions.

James stopped abruptly and pushed Mira against the wall. He picked her up and pinned her back against the wall and entered her again.

James abruptly changed his pace. From hard short strokes, he changed gears to slow and deeper. With her body raised to his waist, Mira wrapped her arms around her black lover as he ploughed her pussy.

"You like to be fucked like this, huh?" James asked as he looked deep into her eyes.

"Yesss... I love it..." Mira said confessing to how much she loved being fucked like this. How much she enjoyed being suspended in the air and being impaled on his cock.

"I bet your weak ass husband can't fuck you like this?" James said gazing deep into her eyes

"No he can't... not in a million years..." Mira whispered meeting that hypnotic gaze.

"I bet you can't enjoy his cock no more."

"No...I don't."

"Your pussy is mine..."

"Yess..."

"Say it... say it." James whispered as he pulled his cock right out to the tip.

"My pussy is yours..." Mira whispered, her quivering lips just an inch away from his.

"Keep saying it..." James ordered as his cockhead parted her pussy lips and pushed in.

"My pussy is yours... my pussy is yours..." Mira moaned softly.

Hearing her say it gave James a surge of energy and he started pounding her harder.

And Mira got fucked hard right outside the room where her husband was sleeping. Their lips locked and tongues rolled over each other's as they fucked, abandoning any caution.

"Hey man, come down... Karishma doesn't have enough holes to take all the cocks alone..." Jerome yelled up the stairs, interrupting their lovemaking. Hearing that statement, Mira giggled. She was enjoying being thought of as a fuck toy for the guys.

Holding her in his arms, James climbed down the stairs. Her arms were wrapped around his neck, her legs wrapped around his waist and his cock was lodged in her pussy.

Though they could hear Karishma's moans while they were fucking above, her moans got louder and clearer as they approached the room downstairs.

When they entered the room, an awe-inspiring sight awaited Mira. Karishma had all her holes stuffed. Michael was lying on the bed with Karishma on top of him, his cock pistoning in and out of her pussy. Jamal was kneeling behind Karishma with his cock stuffing her ass. Tyrone was kneeling right behind Michael's head as he fucked her mouth. It was Jerome's turn with the camera, and he was taking a close up of the two cocks pummeling her lower holes. He grinned as they appeared and put the camera onto the tripod.

"Ummmmmpfff..." Karishma moaned as the three cocks fucked every fuckable orifice of hers.

James walked over to the bed with Mira still clinging on to him. He laid down on the bed carefully with Mira on top of him. She quickly adjusted herself, placing her knees on his sides and started riding him. A few moments later she felt a hand on her shoulder. She stopped and glanced back to see Jerome kneeling behind her. She leaned forward, raising her ass up for him.

She looked to her left. Karishma was still being fucked hard by the three men. She was feeling overwhelmed, sexually aroused and a mix of so many other emotions she couldn't fathom. She had never seen anyone fuck in front of her before and she never thought she'd ever see a woman being banged. And never in her wildest fantasies she thought she'd be gang banged by a bunch of black guys.

She noticed the look on Karishma's face. It was of sheer pleasure. Her eyes were half-open as if in a state of delirium. Her hair was a total mess but it looked so sexy. Her cheeks were puffed up from the thick cock moving in and out of her mouth, while her chin was hammered by Tyrone's large ballsack. She wondered if this was how she looked the other day at Jerome's shack or would she look like that soon?

It didn't take long to find out as Jerome placed his cock on her puckered hole and slowly pushed the thick cockhead inside. Mira let out a small whimper at the intrusion but from there on it was a smooth slide in for Jerome. Her ass had gotten quite used to big black cocks the other day at Jerome's shack. She had been double penetrated thrice that day and for prolonged durations. Once James knew her ass was game, he fucked it twice that same night with his monster dick.

James had stopped, waiting for his buddy to join him but he had made himself busy sucking Mira's luscious breasts. It was something he loved doing.

Jerome started pumping from behind and unlike the last time where he started fucking her ass slowly, this time he picked up pace from the first stroke. His large hands grabbed her ass cheeks as his cock moved in and out of her.

"Ooh yess... aaah... aaah..." Mira moaned with her eyes closed. The feeling of two big cocks sliding inside her holes was exquisite. She had never known such pleasure before being double penetrated. Even if she had cum a dozen times before, these two cocks together could make her gush like a fountain.

Jerome did all the hard work of fucking Mira's ass, while James relaxed under them. He didn't have to waste an ounce of energy. Jerome's strokes and Mira's grinding made his cock slide in and out of her cunt. All he did was raise his head and suck on her tits.

Two women and five large men were fucking in a bed. The bed, though it looked sturdy, must surely not have taken so much load ever before.

"Oohhhh shitt...aaaarrghhh..." Karishma groaned as she came hard and collapsed on Michael.

"Hey Mira, you wanna switch?" Karishma panted, still heaving from the orgasm.

"Mhhhmmmm..."Mira nodded.

Everyone disengaged. Mira shuffled to the other side while Karishma straddled James. Mira got on top of Michael and expertly guided his cock into her pussy and slid down on it.

She stayed still waiting for Jamal and Tyrone to take their places. They were quick. Jamal slid his cock into her ass and Tyrone kneeled in front of her. The trio started fucking her. They didn't start slow but started hammering her immediately.

"Ummmpfffff... umm... ummm... ummm..." Mira moaned as Tyrone's balls slapped her chin. She now looked exactly how Karishma did minutes ago. It felt a bit strange to feel a pair of balls slapping her chin while another pair slapped against her cunt. The cocks too felt so different than James and Jerome's. Though neither of the three were as thick as James or as long as Jerome, their cocks were big enough to nicely stuff her orifices.

Of all the men, Jamal was the smallest and his cock slid in and out of Mira easily. Jerome had lubricated her hole well enough with generous amounts of spit and precum which made things very smooth for Jamal. Of the three, Michael was the longest and he made her moan every time his cock hit the deep reaches of her pussy. Tyrone's cock slid smoothly inside her mouth. It brushed past her lips, slid down her tongue and touched her throat with each stroke. Mira had by now mastered the art of deep-throating and her gag reflexes had disappeared.

Mira wanted more... as much as she could get. She didn't want to go back home. She didn't want to go back to her old sexless life. If there was a paradise, this was it. Sunshine, cool sea breeze, cold beers and so many black cocks. As they say... once you go black, you never go back. She certainly didn't want to go back.

"Oohhh lawwrrddd..." Jamal groaned loudly. The way he was shivering it was amply clear he was close to cumming. "I'm gonna cum..." Jamal groaned as his face morphed into a pre-orgasmic wince.

"Oh no you don't... dawg... not inside her... I told you, remember?" James warned.

"Oh yeahhhh bro... aarrghhhh, fuck..." With great difficulty, Jamal pulled back before Mira's warm butthole made him cum. He stumbled off the bed.

Mira realised that James had always planned on sharing her. His warning not to cum inside her now made that clear. She had become his cum slut and now she was becoming his personal whore. He shared her with Jerome the other day and now with three other men. All this was planned and orchestrated and not spontaneous as she presumed. The old Mira would have been absolutely furious with all this but a lot of water had flown under the bridge. Instead, it made her cum and cum hard. A few seconds later her orgasm was over but Mira now had a vacant hole which was waiting to be occupied.

"I want that ass..." Michael declared as he pushed her off him and quickly spooned her from behind. Tyrone quickly lay down facing her. Michael raised her right leg in the air opening her holes to them.

Tyrone went in first, sliding his cock smoothly inside her pussy followed by Michael who pushed his cock inside her asshole. Both started drilling her at top speed and the moaning and groaning started again.

In the fleeting moment before Michael pushed her down on Tyrone, Mira saw the others. They had also switched positions. Karishma was being spit-roasted with James behind her and Jerome kneeling in front of her, fucking her mouth. From her angle, Mira couldn't tell if Karishma was being taken in the ass or in the pussy.

"Yeaaasss... fuck my ass hard James." Karishma hollered, answering Mira's question.

Tyrone and Michael were now fucking her hard. Mira's right hand was on Michael's butt while her right leg was bent and over Tyrone's thigh. Michael nuzzled her nape and ear while Tyrone licked and kissed her neck as they both fucked her harder and harder.

"Ummmpppffff..." Mira moaned as Tyrone kissed her.

Jamal had by now taken the camera off the tripod and was filming the whole scene from up close. He brought the camera right behind and under James, filming Karishma's ass getting fucked. He expertly moved the camera to capture Mira being double penetrated. Her initial hesitance of the camera had faded away and though she still wasn't completely comfortable about it, she was way past being able to object now.

Mira broke her kiss with Tyrone. Michael kissed his way up her nape, her cheek and kissed her lips. It had been just a few minutes since her last orgasm but these two men were fucking her so good that another one came crashing on her. She realised that double penetration made her cum quicker and harder than any other way.

As her body fell limp from the orgasm, the guys stopped and withdrew. Mira turned over on to her back. She was a total wreck after being fucked back to back by five men but her face showed a sense of satisfaction never seen before. She was out of breath and sweating like she'd run a marathon. The bed beneath her was wet from the sweat and coital juices spilt all over. She glanced over at Karishma who resembled her. Hot, sweaty, and satisfied.

Karishma looked at Mira and smiled. Mira smiled back. Their smile was a mix of satisfaction and a sense of being cronies. Karishma shuffled next to Mira and pulled Mira into an embrace. As they hugged, they locked their lips as their legs intertwined. Karishma caressed her way down to Mira's ass and gave it a tight squeeze while Mira cupped Karishma's right breast. This time Mira was not a hesitant partner in the kiss; this time she kissed back as passionately as Karishma.

They had to be very reluctantly pulled apart and rolled onto their backs. The guys definitely didn't want to be left out of any action. Jerome got between Karishma's legs and James positioned himself between Mira's legs. Spreading the women's legs wide, the men fucked the two women as fast and hard as they could. Michael kneeled next to Mira while Tyrone next to Karishma and in between the hard strokes, the women sucked their cocks. Poor Jamal stood nearby with the camera in one hand and jacking off with the other.

James was literally jumping on Mira's crotch, plunging his cock to the hilt. His strokes were so deep and hard, Mira had a hard time sucking in Michael's cock; she decided to just keep stroking it with her hand. Jerome too was mimicking James' stroking, making Karishma holler too, but she had Tyrone so firmly in her mouth that her moans were muffled.

Their hard, deep strokes soon gave way to short and erratic strokes as the men reached the last legs of their orgasmic journey. Mira looked up to her lover; his body glimmered from the sweat pooling on his chest. Drops of sweat fell on her body as he thrust himself faster into her. Michael, standing next to her, was now bucking as he reached his orgasm. Tyrone wasn't far away either.

"Aarrgghh fucckk....here it comes..." Michael groaned as his cock twitched wildly in Mira's hands. She instinctively opened her mouth and faced his cock. A moment later, a thick jet of cum spurt out of Michael's cock and flew across Mira's face landing on her cheek. Two more thicker spurts landed in her mouth which she lapped and swallowed hungrily. A few more spurts followed which landed on her face. Before she could recover, Jamal crawled up to her and started cumming on her face. For a guy who was the least endowed amongst all the men, his load was quite heavy. From Mira's left side, he shot his load straight on to her face. The first shot, the second and then a third spurt covered her face while a couple of smaller spurts pooled on her arm and shoulder.

Meanwhile, Jerome and Tyrone were kneeling next to Karishma and had unloaded their balls on Karishma's face completely covering it with jizz. Karishma giggled as they came on her.

The only one still holding the fort was James. Though he was very close to cumming, he mustered on. Mira knew he was just about to cum and desperately wanted him to cum inside her but James had other plans. A few more strokes later James pulled out of her with a loud groan and quickly straddled her chest. Mira at first moaned in disappointment but quickly opened her mouth in anticipation of what was about to happen.

"Keep that mouth open bitch..." James ordered her as he stroked his cock vigorously.

"Aaaaahh..." Mira complied, raising her head, opening her mouth as wide as she could and poking her tongue out perfectly in line with his cock.

"Fuck...aarrgghhhhh..." James groaned, throwing his head back as his cock swelled right before he came.

A wad of thick cum came flying out of his cock and went straight into her mouth, hitting her throat. Mira gagged momentarily but swallowed it instinctively. Thicker spurts of his delicious cum followed which she swallowed promptly. She pulled him closer, not allowing a drop to go to waste. James kept spewing cum which pooled onto her tongue. Mira relished and swirled the load in her mouth before gulping it down loudly. She raised her head and latched her lips onto his cock sucking out any remnants of cum and sucked his cock clean.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/blacked-in-goa-ch-05?page=5

Once she was done cleaning his cock with her mouth, she fell back on the bed. She looked over to Karishma who was still sucking in Jerome's cock. Her face was covered with cum, just like hers, and some had been unloaded into her hair.

Jamal, Michael and Tyrone were sitting on the edge of the bed catching their breath. For a few minutes, there was silence in the room except for Karishma's loud sucking and slurping. Jamal stood up, stretched, and came back with beer for everyone.

"I think we deserve this, especially the ladies."

Everyone nodded in agreement.

==

Mira sighed as the cold water from the shower tricked down her body. She washed the drying cum off her face first, then the rest of ravaged body.

It was past 2 in the night. Raghav was still in his booze-fueled slumber. He was so knocked out cold that he didn't wake up hearing the sounds of his wife's loud moans as five men fucked her just a few feet away from him. Mira was disappointed in her husband, to say the least. It was supposed to be the last night of their long due vacation after which he would go back to the US. And on that very night he chose to get drunk rather than making memories with his wife. But she did end up making memories, memories for a lifetime.

As she was engrossed in her thoughts, she heard the shower door open. She smiled seeing James step in all naked. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw his erect cock pointing straight at her.

She quietly turned around to face the glass wall and pushed her ass out allowing James to step behind her. Without a word spoken, James stepped behind her, rubbed his swollen cock against her pussy before pushing it all in.

"Aaahhh..." she gasped as she firmly placed her hands on the glass wall.

He held on to her shoulder and started fucking her. Starting slow, he picked up the pace soon enough. He was fucking her the way she liked it, hard, fast and deep.

He pushed her against the wall, crushing her boobs against it. Bunching her hair tightly in his hand he fucked her hard evoking the all too familiar hollers from his lover. He pulled her up against his chest and she turned her head to kiss him. His hands squeezed her ample breasts while his cock slammed into her cunt.

He pulled out, turned her around and pushed her down on her knees. Eagerly she got down and took his slick yet very erect cock in her mouth.

She kissed, licked, sucked, nibbled and showered all her love on his cock. After all, this would be the last time she would ever get to taste it.

He pushed her down flat on the shower floor. Getting between her legs, he mounted her. Mira wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck. Their intense intercourse was interspersed with passionate kisses.

Their lovemaking was more satisfying than her husband and even the orgy that happened minutes ago. The whole time they were on the shower floor their lips stayed locked, only broken by gasps, moans and occasionally to catch their breaths. Her warm pussy was so pleasurable that James just didn't want to pull out. Her spasming pussy grabbed tightly against his cock, squeezing, juicing it.

They had been fucking like that for several minutes and now he was getting close to cumming. Mira had her share of orgasms and now clawed his back to encourage him to cum inside her.

"Ohhh yesss... cum inside me James... please cum inside me..." she moaned, looking into his eyes. "Yes c'mon... give me your cum... yesss..." she moaned pushing him closer and closer to another explosive climax.

Those words in her sweet voice finally pushed him over the edge and he came. "Aarrgghh..." he groaned, arching his back, pushing his organ completely inside her. The thick spurts of cum splashing inside her made her cum too. The almost simultaneous orgasms were the most heavenly feeling either had felt.

He collapsed on her and she wrapped her arms around him, comforting her lover after the exhausting night. They spent minutes like that, catching their breaths and kissing.

==

"Is he alright?" Mira sounded worried.

"Yeaah....he's just had too much to drink. He'll wake up just in time for your journey back home," James said.

After the orgy was over at 3 am in the dead of the night, everyone had got dressed as Mira was about to leave. James had picked up a still unconscious Raghav and placed him in the front seat of the car. Surprisingly, Raghav still hadn't woken up.

Everyone stood near the car to bid Mira a goodbye. Her memorable vacation had finally come to an end.

"Are you going to stay back?" Mira asked Karishma.

"Yeah... I've taken a couple of days off. I'm gonna spend them here. I think I'll be able to handle them all, even with you not being around to share their loads," Karishma replied with a wink.

Mira smiled but felt a tinge of jealousy. Now that she was going back, James would be all hers. She had no choice but to keep quiet.

"Okay then... I have to go. Bye guys," Mira said, waving at everyone.

James got into the driver's seat and Mira sat in the back. Suddenly Michael and Tyrone got into the back seats of the car.

"We're gonna drop you off too..." Michael declared.

The car started moving in the direction of the hotel. While James was busy driving and Raghav still sleeping, Michael, Mira and Tyrone got busy at the back.

Michael and Tyrone's hands were squeezing Mira's tits while Mira kissed both men, taking turns. Her hands were inside their shorts giving them a handjob.

Their backseat foreplay came to an end a few minutes later when they reached the hotel.

James carefully carried an unconscious Raghav to his room and placed him on the bed. He came out of the room. The rest were waiting outside.

"Well Mira, we're gonna head back now. I had a really great time with you." James said as he held Mira's hands.

"Me too. I'm gonna miss you," she said as she hugged him tight and exchanged their last kiss.

"You have my number right?" James asked.

"Yeah. I'll ping you tomorrow," Mira replied.

She then hugged Michael and Tyrone and walked into her room and back into her life.

==

"Hey James... I'm at the arrival lounge," Mira said on the phone as she looked around for James in the arrival lounge of Dabolim Airport at Goa.

A month had passed since she had last been to Goa. Her husband had extended his vacation by another two weeks and had left a few days ago.

Mira had tried really hard to focus on her life and put the week-long vacation firmly locked inside her mind. But at night, when she lay in bed, alone and in need of warmth and intimacy, she couldn't help but relive those memories. On one such night, she texted James who promptly replied. A few texts and a phone call later, Mira was booking her tickets to Goa. This time she didn't want to waste time on a night-long journey by train so she booked flight tickets.

"Gotcha..." James said as he waved to her. They embraced each other tightly. "I'm glad you called. I was about to head back to the States, but I told the guys I had some unfinished business. They didn't argue. It's good being the boss."

James looked at her frugal luggage. "You're travelling light."

"I thought I wouldn't be needing a lot of clothes on this vacation. If I need anything, I'll buy it here." Mira replied with a wink.

James gave a booming laugh. "I've moved to a new hotel. It's a few miles away from the last one." James said as they walked out of the airport.

"For Karishma?" Mira asked.

"Yeah, so she can join me easily. She won't have to sneak around at work. Plus the new hotel is far, far better."

"Are the guys going to join us today?" Mira enquired.

"No... for the next couple of days it's just you and me."

"Wonderful. That will be wonderful."


