carry-on-dentist-ch-02

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/carry-on-dentist-ch-02

The next day might have looked routine to many but for me it was a very unusual day. The dilemma continued as I was engrossed with the rights and wrongs. Like a robot, I went ahead with my day. I prepared breakfast for all, prepared the kids for school, bid my in laws goodbye and then drove the kids to school. From there I proceeded to my clinic which had already been opened by Varsha.

I went on with my regular schedule of treating the patients and handling the appointments. But in the back of my mind those thoughts still pestered me. I tried to focus on my job because I ran a risk of hurting someone if I didn't pay attention. Around noon, after I had finished lunch, I sat on my desk to take a break. I knew that there were no appointments lined up for the afternoon.

I sat at my desk and rested my head on the head rest of the chair and closed my eyes. As soon as I closed my eyes, I saw a picture of Vivek and Amol standing next to each other, looking at me with welcoming smiles. The picture was so clear, Vivek, even though was pretty good looking himself was loosing out to Amol. Vivek was no match for the imposing body and the commanding personality that Amol had.

Even though I loved Vivek from the bottom of my heart and was emotionally dependent on him, I found myself drifting towards Amol even in my thoughts. I saw Amol walk over to me and firmly grab my hand and we started walking away. I looked back and Vivek was no where to be seen.

The scene abruptly cut to a room where I found myself lying on a bed, with Amol on me. We were both naked and Amol was furiously fucking me. We were moaning loudly and I felt the walls of the room shake from the love making. Even in the mad frenzy of sex, I looked around in the room. From the looks of it, I could easily make out that it wasn't a home. It was a hotel room, an expensive suite.

These thoughts were perhaps fuelled by the fact that Amol was rich and didn't hesitate to show off. He would wear expensive suites and drove a luxury car. He had a taste of fine dinning and living.

Amol hugged me tightly and continued fucking me. I was moaning but was aware of the fact that what I was doing was wrong. My eyes weren't closed with pleasure but were wide open with shock. As Amol and I got closer to cumming, I saw someone standing at a corner of the room. I looked over his shoulder and saw my husband, Vivek standing there. He had a very sad and disappointed look on his face.

We just kept looking at each other as Amol reached his orgasm with a loud grunt and with him I too was pushed over the edge.

"Madam...Madam." I saw Vivek say but he sounded like a girl. To be precise he sounded like Varsha, my receptionist. I looked at him closely and he continued to call me Madam.

Suddenly I felt being shaken and I woke up. I quickly opened my eyes and sat up. I was panting and sweating. Varsha stood in shock as I sat up and was about to cry.

"Are you alright madam?" she asked. I just nodded in reply. She gave me a glass of cold water and I gulped it down like a man stranded in the desert.

"Madam, is there anything wrong?" Varsha asked, clearly concerned about me. She knew me for several years now. She was hired right around the time when I was pregnant with the twins and so we knew each other for half a decade. Even though she called me madam in a professional setting but in private she called me didi.

"I am fine Varsha." I said as my breathing returned to normal.

I wiped the sweat off my forehead with the napkin on the arm rest of the chair.

"How many appointments are lined up for the evening?" I asked her.

"There were five but three have been cancelled and another two have been proponed." Varsha informed me.

I just shook my head and got up from the chair. I walked over to the washroom and I washed my face with cold water. I looked up in the mirror and saw myself properly. This was the first time that I had sexual thoughts about someone other than my husband.

I was not just disturbed about me fantasizing about Amol but was more perturbed by the fact that I saw my husband in that dream.

I came back to my desk and sat there quietly. Varsha had gone back to the lobby and I was all alone with my thoughts again. Suddenly my phone rang. It was a sms. I picked up to see that it was from Amol. I opened the message.

"What are your plans for tonight? Our dinner is still pending." read the message. My hands trembled as I read the message.

'What the hell is happening?' I thought to myself I decided not to respond and kept the cell phone back on the table.

Varsha called me on my intercom to tell me that there was a patient waiting and was I okay to handle him. I said that I was fine and asked her to send the patient inside.

I attended to the patient for almost half and hour before he left and I was back to being alone again. I took the cell phone and read the message again and again. In my mind a war raged between whether I should go with him or I shouldn't.

Right then the phone rang. I was startled and was about to drop the phone but I managed to hold on to it. The phone, I thought was ringing a little too loudly and I saw that it was a call from Amol. I just waited for a few seconds contemplating whether to respond or not.

A few seconds later the call ended. I sighed with relief but it started ringing again. This time I decided to pick it up.

"Hey...are you busy?" Amol asked.

"Yeah...I was attending to a patient." I replied trying to sound as normal as I could.

"Did you read the message I sent you?" he asked. "Yeah..." I replied.

"Then what say? Should we go out for dinner tonight?" he asked.

"Mmm...let me think about it." I said as I tried to evade him.

"Oh c'mon...I am only asking for dinner. I am not asking you to make a life changing decision." Amol said as he pleaded to me.

'Perhaps it is a life changing decision for me.' I thought.

"Sush...are you going to say something?" He said sounding a little annoyed.

"Ummm...Well okay. Let's go for dinner; But where?" I asked as I finally gave him a nod.

"That is a surprise!" he said and ended the call.

I tried to assure myself that there was nothing wrong with going out for just one dinner. Amol hadn't misbehaved with me ever since that incident. He had been nothing but a gentleman for all these days and I didn't think it would be appropriate on my part to turn down such an innocent request.

With the decision made I went back to attending the last patient of the day. After the appointment was done I told Varsha that I was going out and she should wind up and leave. I quickly drove home and took a nice long shower.

I packed a light green evening gown and my make up set in my back and informed my in laws that I was going out for dinner and I would be a little late. They didn't mind that because I used to go to such dinners with friends very often.

I messaged Amol too pick me up from my clinic in an hour. I drove back to the clinic and I was pretty sure that Varsha would have left. I was true. Varsha had closed the clinic and left. I opened the clinic with my key and went inside. I took off my clothes and my underwear. I wore a black colored strap less bra and matching colored panties. I wore the evening gown and put on the make up.

I locked the clinic and I saw that Amol was already waiting. I quickly got into his car and he started driving. We kept quite and I just stared at the road. Amol sensed my discomfort and started a conversation. He was dressed in a smart black suite and looked really handsome.

"I am very glad that you accepted my invitation tonight" he said and smiled at me. I gave him a smile but didn't say anything. It was already dark and the streets were lit up. I just look outside the window as Amol drove smoothly on the streets of the city.

"Where are we going?" I asked him to break the silence of awkwardness that had filled the car.

"Le Meridian." he said as he continued driving.

'That's typical Amol.' I thought to myself and just looked outside the window.

After a while we reached the hotel. We got out at the entrance and the valet drove the car away. We walked together inside the lobby and then proceeded to restaurant. The restaurant manager who perhaps knew Amol showed us to our table. We sat there with menu cards in our hands. We were still not speaking to each other.

The waiter brought us a round of drinks and we ordered our meal. Amol broke the silence and started talking. Slowly Amol engaged me in a conversation and soon we were engrossed. I was back to being an extrovert and was enjoying the time. After couple of rounds of drinks, our meal was set at the table. We continued talking even as we slowly ate the delicious food. The main course was followed by a round of dessert. It was a special sundae that I loved a lot.

"How did you know that I like this?" I asked; a bit surprised.

"You mentioned it once." he replied with a smile.

I smiled back at him and we then enjoyed the sundae to our hearts content. We had been at the table for more than two hours and I realized that it was time to leave. Amol paid the bill and we walked out of the restaurant. As we stepped out of the lobby, Amol's car was waiting for us. Amol tipped the valet and we sat in the car and drove off.

There was barely any traffic on the roads at that time of the night and we soon reached my office. He parked the car in the basement right next to mine. We walked up to my clinic together and we entered the clinic.

As soon as we entered the clinic, Amol grabbed my arm and pulled me closer. I was too stunned to react and went to him. He quickly put his lips on mine and we engaged in a kiss. I didn't respond for a first few seconds. I am not sure whether it was the liquor I had a couple of hours ago or it was Amol's effect or perhaps both but soon I opened my mouth to welcome his tongue.

As soon as Amol realized this, he held my arms tight and kissed me harder. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer for a deeper kiss. We sucked on each other's lips and tongues as our kiss became frenzied. Amol picked me up and walked inside my room with his tongue still in my mouth.

He placed me on table and we continued kissing. Amol then moved on to my neck leaving behind a trail of wet kisses on my hot skin. He kissed my shoulder and slowly removed the strap of the evening gown. I moaned in protest but it was too feeble for even me to hear it. It sounded less like a moan of protest but more like a moan of pleasure.

He slowly removed the straps of the dress and pulled it down to my stomach, not for once breaking the contact between our mouths. With the dress resting on my abdomen, my boobs which were firmly secured by the strap less bra came into view. Amol looked at them for a moment before taking his right hand behind me and using the left hand to squeeze my breasts.

I heard a light snap and the untied bra fell in my lap. My D cup tits were now in full view in the brightly lit room. I tried to hide them by covering them with my hands but Amol was quick to respond and pulled my hands away.

He quickly latched his mouth to my left breast and began sucking it. I moaned but tried to pull him away. I was loosing control over myself by the second and I knew I had to stop this before things got out of hand. I somehow with all my strength pushed Amol away.

Amol was shocked at this and he looked at me with disbelief. "What happened?" he asked.

"We can't do this Amol. We shouldn't do this. We both are married and it is not the right thing to do." I said trying to cover my exposed boobs.

"But you want this. I know you want this too." he said sounding a little agitated.

"No...well...I don't know what I want. All that I know is that this is wrong." I said. I was confused myself as to how to react. My body had willingly submitted but my mind was still resisting.

"But I love my husband. I can't do this to him." I said as tears welled up in my eyes.

"And I love my wife but I love you too." he pleaded.

"No you don't. You barely know me, how can you say that you love me?" I replied. I was in utter disbelief about what he had just said.

"We shouldn't do this Amol. You have to go now. Please!" I said as I got off the table and walked into the washroom.

Amol sighed and went outside the room. I quickly changed back to the clothes I had worn during the day and stepped out of the washroom. I went out to the lobby and saw Amol still standing there.

"You didn't go?" I asked him.

"It is almost midnight. How can I leave you alone over here." He replied.

I just kept quite and we got out of the clinic. I closed the clinic and then we walked back to our cars in the basement. We both started our respective a cars and drove in the opposite direction from one another.

It was past midnight when I got home. I tip toed into my house so that my in laws wouldn't wake up. I slowly walked into my room and locked it from the inside. I started walking over to the cupboard to change my clothes. Just as I opened the cupboard, I saw my self in the mirror. I looked closely at my reflection in the mirror and thought, 'is that really me?'The evening gown that I was wearing was gifted to me by Vivek on our anniversary 2 years ago. I had worn it just for one day. After marriage, I had always been a modest dresser preferring salwar kameez rather than something hip. I wore casuals but very rarely.

I had a large collection of clothes but I wore only a few of them, perhaps fate had me prepare my wardrobe all these years for this day. I stood in front of the mirror, staring at my reflection. I did look sexy in this gown and no wonder Amol was tempted to do what he had done. I slowly removed the straps of the gown from my shoulders and unzipped it from the back. I took it off completely and placed it on the bed.

The strapless black bra and the matching panties came off next and they also joined the gown on the bed. I stood completely naked in front of the mirror admiring my body. I could still feel Amol's lips on my boobs and that feeling sent a shiver down my spine. I gently cupped my boobs and squeezed them. I closed my eyes in pleasure as the picture of Amol playing with them came to my mind.

I placed my right leg on the dressing table and my pussy came in to view. My right hand slowly went over my pubic mound and caressed it. I sighed as my slim fingers flicked the clit and I gently twisted my nipples with my left hand. I started fingering my self, something I had never done nor attempted in my life. I thought what might have happened had I let Amol continue and I soon pictured Amol fucking me on my office desk. That picture itself was enough to make me cum.

"Ammmoolll..." I moaned as I came. I felt weak in my knees and fell to the ground, panting and cooing from the orgasm. A few minutes later I realized that I was lying naked on my bedroom floor and quickly got up and dressed for bed. I couldn't sleep that night as the whole incident just kept playing in my mind. I knew I had fallen for Amol and I knew that even if I did prevent him from fucking me tonight, I wouldn't be able to hold for long.

I knew I had surrendered my body and my soul to a man that I had met a few weeks ago and I felt no qualms about it anymore. I wanted to feel his lips on mine, his naked skin rubbing against my soft fair skin, his cock inside me. I had to sleep with him!

A few more rounds of furious masturbations followed that night and Amol's psychological conquest was complete. He had my soul and I knew that it was just a matter of time before he had my body and I was looking forward to it.

I didn't hear from him for the next few days and all during the day I used to check my cell phone for his calls and messaged but with no luck. I thought of calling him but couldn't find the courage to do so because of the disaster that our last meeting was. I hoped that he would call in a couple of days after things cooled down but that didn't happen.

I finally gathered the courage and called him on a Saturday. He picked up the call on the first ring itself. Perhaps he too was waiting for my call but was stuck with the same dilemma. The first thing we did was to profusely apologize to each other for the other day.

Amol apologized for taking things too far and I apologized for abruptly ending our liaison. We expressed our desire to continue meeting each other and decided to meet again the next day. Amol suggested we go out for a movie to which I agreed.

The call ended with the desired result and the smile on my face returned. I was looking forward to meeting him and spend time with him. I had decided to let fate take its course just go with the flow. I knew that we were both married but we were so strongly attracted to each other that I just didn't care about anything anymore. What the heck, I thought, let's just enjoy!

The next day came very fast, at least that how it felt. It was a Sunday and my clinic was closed. I was free the whole day and I wanted to spend it with Amol. I told my parents that I was going out with my friends for a movie around noon and I would drop the children at my friend's place. They agreed to the arrangement for it would be a relaxing Sunday for them.

I dressed modestly in a salwaar kameez so as to not arouse suspicion and left the house with the kids. I dropped them at my friend's house. She was a very old friend of mine who had a child as old as mine. I knew that my kids would be thoroughly entertained for the day and I gave them a kiss and left.

I went to my clinic and changed in to a pink tank top underneath which I wore a push up bra. The combination gave a great view of my cleavage. I knew Amol's eyes would pop out looking at me like this. I wore a denim skirt which ended just above my knee. I wore pink open toe heels to suite my pink top. I put on light make up and then proceeded to the theater.

The theater was a popular multiplex which was always crowded on weekends. The crowd mostly consisted of college students and young professionals and I wanted to easily blend into them. Just as I drove inside the theater complex I saw Amol standing there.

I quickly parked my car and walked over to him. We smiled and greeted each other. As soon as we met, the awkwardness between us vanished and we went back to being normal. Amol was wearing a light grey lacoste T-shirt and a faded jeans accompanied by a pair of woodland shoes. He was wearing a pair of black Ray Ban aviators which looked really good on him.

"Beautiful flowers for a beautiful lady." he said as he handed me a bouquet of lilies he had been hiding behind him all this while.

"Wow...they are so beautiful. Thank you Amol, it's so nice of you." I replied blushing all the while.

We held each other's hand as we walked towards the movie hall. Amol had booked tickets for a movie which I had heard was not so popular with the public and true to the news, the theater was sparsely populated. We found our seats and I sat down as Amol went to fetch popcorn and soft drinks for us.

There was enough time for the movie to start and Amol came back a few minutes later and sat next to me. We watched the trailers and teasers of the upcoming movies before Amol spoke up.

"Sush...I want to say something. I really love you and I am really happy that things are normal between us once again. I know that you think that what we are doing is wrong but let reason take a back seat for a while and let's enjoy each other's company."

I just smiled and said that I think so too. That statement was a signal enough to let Amol know that I was game. Soon, the theater lights were switched off and the movie was about to start. The seats in the hall were such that the arm rests could be pulled back so that there was no division between the seats. When the movie started, Amol promptly slid back the arm rest and sat back. I got the signal and moved toward him into his arms.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/carry-on-dentist-ch-02?page=2

After a few minutes Amol slid his left hand over my shoulder and gently held my arms. I rested my head on his shoulder and placed my left hand on his chest and continued watching the movie. We weren't exactly watching the movie; we were just staring at the screen because our minds were occupied with some other activity.

The seats were large enough for one to sit with knees folded. That's exactly what I did. I got my feet up and placed them near my butt just the way classical dancer sits. After a few moments Amol slid hands under my arms to gently grab my left breast. I looked up at him and saw his face. He had an expression of doubt. I just smiled at him and took his right hand and placed it on my thigh. Our seats were at the top and most of the crowd was sitting in the lower rows. We still looked around to make sure that no one was peeping on us and all we saw were a few couples sitting far away from us but were already busy with each other.

Assured that we wouldn't be disturbed, Amol lowered his head and gave me a gentle kiss on my lips. I closed my eyes as I felt Amol's lips on mine. His lips slowly nibbled my upper lip and I felt his tongue on my lips. Before he could slip his tongue in my mouth, I slipped mine in his. Amol just let me take charge of things just took a back seat as he let my tongue explore the insides of mouth.

Our kisses were passionate but short. We were aware that we were in a public place and we had to be alert. Amol squeezed my breasts hard and I gave out a small yelp. We both giggled at this and continued kissing. Amol slid his hand up my skirt and though I was very conscious about it, I just let him do it. I had decided to let things flow and now was not the time to stop.

His hand slowly creped up to my panties I shivered when he got there. This was the first time that my pussy was touched by someone other than my husband. It felt different, it felt strange but also felt very pleasurable. I moved my hand from his chest slowly down to his crotch. I started rubbing his erection over his jeans which excited Amol and he rubbed my panty covered clit faster. We both shuddered from the manual stimulation of our private parts.

From the first feel itself I got an idea of what lay beneath the jeans. His cock felt large and hard and as I kept rubbing it grew harder. Our hands and mouths were busy pleasuring each other. Amol's left hand was busy on my boobs where as his right hand had now moved aside the panties and was slowly fingering my pussy. My left hand was busy rubbing his crotch and my right hand was firmly holding on to his right wrist.

Time passed like the wind and soon we saw the lights in the theater getting brighter. It was interval time and we quickly disengaged. We quickly sorted our clothes and sat as if nothing had happened. We looked around and saw the other couples do the same things and we laughed.

I looked at Amol who was staring at me. Without a word being spoken we both knew that we were neither interested in the movie nor sitting in the theater. We needed a more private place, a comfortable place and a larger place to continue our sexual exploration of each other.

"My place?" he asked. I blushed and nodded. Amol smiled and we both got up and Amol grabbed my hand and I followed him as we hurriedly left the theater.

"Follow my car." Amol said just before we got into our respective cars. We both raced out of the theater and drove back to his place. It was mid afternoon Sunday and the traffic on the roads was negligible. In a few minutes we stopped outside a large residential complex. My cell phone rang and I saw it was Amol.

"I will drive inside and go up to my apartment. You come in ten minutes later. My building is F wing and apartment number is 805." He said and cut the call.

I saw Amol drive across the street into the complex where as I waited outside in my car. After a few minutes, I slowly drove into the complex and parked my car in the visitor's parking area in front of his wing. I got out of the car and took my hand bag and the bouquet of lilies with me. I couldn't keep the flowers in the car and couldn't take them home either, so, I decided that the best place to keep them was Amol's house.

I got inside the elevator and pressed the button for the 8th floor. As the door closed and the lift started moving up, my breathing got heavier and my heart started beating faster. The few seconds inside the life felt like several minutes. 'This is it Sushmita. You are going to sleep with Amol.' I thought to myself as the lift slowly climbed the building.

I nervously looked at the electrical board on which the numbers for the respective floors glowed one after another. 'I am ready for this?' was the thought that came to my mind but I brushed it off aside thinking that it was too late to turn back now.

The elevator finally stopped and the door opened with a 'bing' sound. I got out of the elevator and looked around for a door with 805 written on it. I soon found it and walked towards it. The door was slightly open and I slowly pushed it and got inside.

Amol was standing in the living room. He had changed into a T-shirt and a pair of shorts. I smiled at him and placed my hand bag on the table.

"These flowers have to be kept in water." I said. Amol quickly raced to the kitchen and brought a vase with water inside. He kept the vase on the table and I placed the flowers inside them. We smiled at each other and then I moved around the living room.

"You have a very beautiful house." I said to Amol. "Thanks. Your presence has made it even more beautiful." he replied.

"Hehe...you really know how to talk." I said with a smile.

Amol just laughed and offered me to show the house. The apartment was a large three bedroom apartment with large balcony to each bedroom. Each bedroom had separate bathroom. The first two bedrooms were used for their intended purposes and the third was modified into an entertainment room. The room was filled with all sorts of fancy things.

There was a large flat screen television in one corner on the room. Below it was a Bose sound system with speakers all across the room. One corner of the room had been converted into a mini bar and behind the bar table there was a large collection of expensive wines and other liquors.

There was a large French window to the room which was for the moment covered with satin drapes. The wall opposite to the window was filled with posters of the old rock bands. There were posters of right from Elvis, Beatles up to AC/DC. From the posters I realized that Amol was a rock n roll fan. I wasn't much into rock n roll but my husband was a huge buff so I knew a lot of stuff about these bands.

"I bought this place a couple of years ago when my trips to Pune became long and frequent." he said.

"Hmm...Your family doesn't live here with you?" I asked him as I turned around to face him.

"No...they live at my Pali Hill apartment in Mumbai. They come here only during the vacations." He replied.

Amol moved towards the sound system and switched it on. The room was filed with the music soon. The stereo played the soothing music. I recognized the soundtrack. It was Café Del Mar. I loved the music. It was Balearic, easy listening music which helped calm my nerves.

"Enough talk about home and family." he said as he sat down on the red colored velvet couch which was opposite to the TV. He patted on the couch signaling me to sit next to him. I smiled and went to him and sat on the couch.

"Now...Where were we?" he said and came closer to me. I giggled and pulled him closer and we kissed. Unlike in the theater our kiss was slow and relaxed this time. We had all the space and the time in the world do whatever we wanted. Amol patted his laps and I knew what he wanted. I moved over his body and sat on his lap facing him. As I sat on his lap, my skirt got pulled up almost to my ass. We continued kissing and Amol moved my skirt further up and grabbed my ass.

He squeezed my firm ass buns and I moaned into his mouth. I held the back of his head tight and pulled him deeper into my mouth. After a few minutes of kissing, I pulled on his T-shirt. Amol raised his hands and I slid the shirt over his head and threw it away.

My breathing got heavier watching his naked chest. It was broad and smooth without a strand of hair. This is just the way I thought a man's chest should be. My husband had hair on his chest but he wasn't hairy like an ape but he wasn't enthusiastic about shaving it either.

I gently ran my fingers over his torso. I started from his shoulder blades and slowly moved towards his abs. He didn't have a six pack like models but he had a very firm abdomen. We kissed again before Amol started pulling my top. I broke the kiss and took my top off. As soon as my top was off, Amol quickly released the hooks of my bra and it fell down.

He grabbed my large and proud boobs and squeezed them. "Aaah" I moaned as Amol continued squeezing them. He twisted my puffed up nipples a couple of time before latching his mouth on to them. I grabbed his head and pulled him closer, urging him not to stop. He firmly grabbed my breasts before feasting on them.

"Aaahhh...Amol...I can't believe this is happening. I never thought I will be here like this." I said.

He stopped sucking my breasts and looked up at me and smiled. "Believe it baby, this isn't a dream. I wanted you from the first time I saw you. You are so beautiful...so sexy...I love you!" He said before going back to sucking my breasts.

"I love you too Amol...keep sucking my breasts. I just love it when you do that. They have been dying for attention." I moaned loudly.

"Your body is so amazing; you have the sexiest pair I have ever seen. I just want to keep sucking them. I was hooked on to them the first time I saw them last week." He said and nuzzled between my boobs.

"I should have let you continue that night. I want to tell you something. That night I went back home and fingered myself thinking about you. I just can't get you out of my head baby." I said as I pulled his face over my left breast and he sucked on it.

"I knew that Sush...I knew that...I know you want this...you want it bad, don't you?" he said.

"Ohhh yess...I want you...." I said. I pulled his face towards me and kissed him. He kissed back and again went to sucking my tits. After a furious round of sucking my breasts, Amol lifted me and placed me on the couch. He got up and stood near the sofa.

"Take off my pants." he ordered. I, like a submissive slut nodded and dug my fingers in to the elastic of his shorts and his undies. I slowly dragged them down his legs and his erect cock sprung up as soon as I dragged them beyond his thighs.

I gasped in surprise to that sight. His cock was not just long, it was very thick. I must have been a couple of inches longer than my husband's cock but the girth wasn't even close to comparing. The length didn't surprise me as much as the girth did. The head of the cock was like an overgrown mushroom which gave way to an equally thick stem. The foreskin was fair making the blue veins running underneath very visible. The pink head looked fearsome but at the same time it looked equally appealing if not more.

I gently wrapped my hand around his cock. It was so thick that I could barely wrap my fingers around it. I pulled it lightly and the foreskin slipped back to reveal the head. Its hardness was really surprising. It was harder than my husband's cock. I wondered if Amol was really 41 years old.

"Are you really 41 years old?" I asked as I expressed my doubt.

"Why, my cock tells a different story, doesn't it?" he said and laughed.

"It's just....just....amazing." I said finding it difficult to describe it.

It wasn't just the length and the unusual girth of his cock. It was also the appearance. Amol's cock was straight like an arrow unlike my husband whose cock curved upwards. He had completely shaved off his pubic hair which made his cock look even bigger. It was the perfect specimen of manhood.

I slowly started jerking it and Amol moaned. I jerked it with my right hand and fondled his balls with my left. Amol continued moaning at the manual stimulation of his cock and ran his fingers through my hair.

Soon, his cock started oozing pre cum which made my fingers wet. I spread the pre cum on the cock head and continued jerking it. The pre cum made the cock shine and it looked even more magnificent.

'Look at that...it's so amazing. I so want to suck' I thought as I kept my self busy giving Amol a hand job. The hand job continued for a couple of minutes before Amol moved my hand away. He pushed me back at the couch and sat down near its edge. He unbuttoned my skirt and pulled it off my body and threw it away. He dug his fingers into my panty and slowly dragged it down my thighs.

I lifted my ass a little to help him take it off. I was now completely naked in front of a man who wasn't my husband and was naked himself. I closed my legs trying to keep my pussy out of view. It was my modesty which perhaps made me do that but Amol grabbed my knees and pulled them apart. I didn't resist and within a moment my pussy came into his view.

I hadn't shaved my pussy in months and frankly hadn't taken the effort to maintain the growth down there because I never expected to show it to someone. Amol ran his right hand over my pussy. I sighed at his action.

"Your husband likes it hairy?" he asked.

"Nah...he doesn't mind it anyway. With him away I never felt the need to shave it and I didn't know I would be in this situation." I replied.

"Well...let's do what is supposed to be done here." Amol said and got up. He walked into the washroom and came back with a can of shaving foam, a razor and a water sprinkler.

"Have you changed your profession?" I said and giggled.

"Well...I specialize in styling hair of a different kind." He replied. We both laughed at his reply.

Amol then sprinkled some cold water on my hairy pussy and proceeded to apply the foam. I moaned as Amol's hands moved all over my pussy. Amol sprayed a rather large glob of foam on his hands and proceeded to slowly apply it all over my pussy. Amol was taking his time lathering my pussy, practically massaging it.

After applying a generous amount of foam, Amol took the razor and began shaving it. For the next 15 minutes, Amol carefully shaved of my pubic hair. I sighed and cooed as my pussy was cleaned shaved by someone else for the first time in my life. I was lying on the couch with my head against the back rest, my legs rested on the couch, spread wide to give Amol access.

It felt weird to be in this pose, being treated like this but it was extremely erotic. He then cleaned off the remainder of the foam with water and wiped it clean. I watched in wonder how I had let another man shave my pussy.

Amol then lifted my left leg and placed it on his shoulder. He started massing my feet gently before kissing it a couple of times. He gently licked the fingers and took the thumb in his mouth and started sucking it.

My feet are extremely ticklish and I giggled uncontrollably as Amol kept on sucking my toe. He deliberately tickled my feet heightening the pleasure. He did the same to the other feet and then started kissing his way up to my knees.

"We are done with pedicure...now lets start 'pussycure." he said. I giggled at that comment. No one had used such words with me, not even my husband. I liked Amol's dirty talking; it was so taboo, just like the other things that were happening here.

He came close to my crotch and placed my legs on his shoulders. I could feel his warm breath on my thighs. He gently started kissing and licking my thighs and slowly made his way to my pussy. He brought his face an inch away from my pussy and inhaled deeply.

"Aaah...intoxicating!" he moaned and exhaled. He then gently blew air on my pussy. The cold air on my hot pussy made me shiver. Amol took out his tongue and delicately licked my clit. I shuddered as his rough tongue rubbed my clit. He kissed my pussy for a couple of times before dragging his rough tongue all over the length of my pussy.

"Ummm...." I moaned as I bit my lower lip. After being sex starved for months, I was lying naked, getting my pussy eaten. Amol increased the speed and pressure of his tongue steadily. He focused his tongue in two places, the clit and the hole. He alternated between sucking my clit and tongue fucking my pussy hole. He wasn't just assaulting my pussy; he was also assaulting my senses.

I could feel my heart beating faster and beads of sweat over my body. My moans were getting louder and my vision getting hazier. Amol grabbed my boobs and started squeezing them. He pinched and twisted them hard. The licking and the pinching made me scream but I muffled my screams by covering my mouth with my hand.

It must have been barely a minute after Amol started licking that I sensed my orgasm approaching. I am usually a silent cummer but this time I was exactly the opposite. I started hollering and screaming and my body bucked and writhe as I got closer to the edge. Amol realized my situation and licked my pussy harder.

"Aahh...Aahh...yeah...yeah..." I screamed as I got to the edge. Amol pinched my nipples hard and that's what did it. I arched my back as I squirted my love juices all over Amol's face.

"Whoa!...ha ha ..." Amol laughed as my cum splattered all over his face. He moved back and his eyes were closed because of all the cum deposit.

"I am sorry...so sorry!" I said as I realized what had happened and sat up immediately.

"Hehe...no worries...in fact I love it!" he said as he got up and walked over to washroom.

He came out a few seconds later with a towel. I felt very awkward because I had never squirted in my life.

"It looks like you haven't been licked so well before." he said as he sat next to me.

I nodded in affirmative. Vivek wasn't much into going down on me. He did like receiving blowjobs but didn't reciprocate with equal enthusiasm. Amol leaned over and kissed me. I could taste my own juices smeared on his lips. This was some kinky shit I was doing here, I thought. Amol then moved down to my breasts and sucked them for a while.

"Sush...I want you to suck my cock!" he said as he looked into my eyes before kissing me hard. My breathing got intense just listening to those words. The way he said that was so passionate, so assertive, and so powerful. I looked down at his cock; it was semi erect but still looked awe inspiring. I simply couldn't refuse, even though I didn't want to.

I just nodded and got off the couch and kneeled in front of him and positioned my self between his legs. I gently held his cock and ran my fingers all over his it and then softly fondled his balls. The manly scent of his cock was making me dizzy. His cock twitched from the slightest touch of my fingers and oozed pre cum from the tip. The ball sack was massive and heavy, probably filled with a lot of cum.

I brought my mouth closer to his cock and lightly licked the head. I concentrated my licks on the slit of his cock. Pre cum started oozing out of the slit and I licked it with the tip of my tongue. The cock was slowly getting erect with each lick. I lowered my mouth on to his balls and took the sack my mouth. Amol sighed loudly in pleasure and held my head with his hand. He started running his fingers through my hair, caressing my head as he received pleasure from my mouth.

After sucking on his balls for a minute I raised my head up again to notice that his cock was fully erect. I watched with wide eyes, the sight of his erect cock just and inch away from my eager mouth. I noticed Amol smile at me. He realized the effect his cock was having on me. I shyly smiled at him and slowly started jerking his cock.

I held his cock against his stomach and started licking from the base of the shaft. I slowly dragged my wet tongue on the underside of his shaft and slowly licked up to the underside of the cock head. I clamped my lips on the underside of the cock head and started sucking and licking it.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/carry-on-dentist-ch-02?page=3

"Ohhhh..." Amol moaned as my soft, wet lips moved on his cock. Thick drops of cum oozed from the tip and slid on to my lips. I moved my tongue over my lips to taste the salty tangy cum. The cock head was covered with a sticky, shiny layer of pre cum which was waiting to be licked. I moved my lips slowly over the head and gobbled it. As soon as the head entered my mouth, I swirled my tongue around it and lapped up all the cum. Amol's engorged cock head felt incredible in my mouth. I focused my attention on the head by sucking and licking it.

I loved oral sex and was always enthusiastic about it. I can say that I loved it more than the actual intercourse. I would be lying if I said I didn't like someone going down on me but I loved it even more when I went down on someone. Till now the only man to have seen my love for oral sex was my husband who himself wasn't a very big fan of going down on me but would love to get his shaft sucked. I did feel deprived at times but didn't mind it because I derived all the pleasure from sucking his cock.

But today I was with a man who shared my love of oral sex and had just given me the best pussy licking of my life. With the treatment my pussy had received I was more than happy to oblige and return the favor; and with this perfect specimen of manhood inside my mouth, I could suck for hours.

With my lips firmly latched on to his cock, I looked at Amol. His face displayed satisfaction; satisfaction not just physical but also mental. The look on his face was that of a man who had achieved what he had set out to do. The sense of victory was clear on his face. The battle that had raged on for weeks had been won. He had managed to seduce to me and make me dance to his tune.

From throwing angry rants at him a few weeks ago I was now kneeling in front of him, buck naked, willing sucking his cock and enjoying it. His conquest wasn't just complete mentally but also physically.

It was as if we were in a different dimension where the 'Mangalsutra' jingling between my boobs as my head bobbed up and down on his cock head had no meaning. I was not a wife, a mother, a daughter in law. Here I was just his slut willing to do whatever he pleased. Yesterday I had convinced my self to let fate take its course; fate, the unknown future, the sense of unpredictability, the suspense and the excitement of anticipation.

I exactly knew where I was headed and 'fate' was just an excuse to rub off the guilt and misery that this adulterous behavior would bring upon me. And at this point that was something that didn't worry me. It was only him and me here and the only feeling was of love and an incredible wave of lust.

I opened my mouth wider to fit Amol's unusually thick shaft, the deeper it went, it stretched my mouth further. I could barely swallow half of him and my jaw would hurt.

After spending a few minutes on his shaft I went back to sucking his cock head. What turned me on when giving head was to look at my lover and that's exactly what I did. I applied a little pressure on the head with my mouth and started withdrawing. A second later his cock got out of my mouth with a loud 'pop' sound. We both laughed at that.

I held his cock in my hand and rubbed it on my nipples covering them with his cum. As the cock rubbed on my nipples they became harder and more sensitive. What Amol did next wasn't what I expected. He sat up, bent his head down and sucked on my left breast. After a few hard sucks, he moved his mouth over to my right breast and sucked on it too. That was so kinky! Amol was licking his own cum. He then moved up and kissed me. The passionate kiss made me moan into his mouth.

"Let's change positions." Amol said as he got off the couch and asked me to get on it.

He then explained to me how he wanted me to position my self on the couch. I moved accordingly and soon I was in a position which he wanted me to be in. I was lying inverted on the couch, with my legs over the back rest, my torso on the couch and my head suspended over the edge of the couch. My hair was touching the floor.

This was by far the weirdest position I had tried to date. The only purpose of the couch in my house was to sit on or at the max lie down to take a nap. I had never used it for anything else let alone to have sex. I lived with my in laws so all the sex with my husband was confined to the bedroom and the naughtiest thing that we had ever done on a couch was make out.

"This is the strangest position I have ever tried." I expressed my feelings loudly.

"Haha...this is just the beginning love." Amol said. I smiled back at him, at the same time thinking of what other perverted things were on his mind.

With me in that position, Amol kneeled near my head, with his cock pointing towards my mouth. I knew that he wanted and opened my mouth wide. Amol inserted his cock into my mouth and began moving forward. He inserted his cock deeper into my mouth till the head touched the throat. I gagged and coughed and Amol took his cock out of my mouth. A few seconds later I normalized and opened my mouth to take him inside. His cock touched the throat and again I coughed. This happened a couple of times more before I learnt to relax my throat enough for him to go deeper.

Soon Amol was fucking my mouth. I had gotten used to the girth of his cock and my jaw didn't hurt as much. I had relaxed my throat completely and the cock would just slide down my throat and slid back out. Amol was in complete control now. He controlled the depth and the pace of the fucking and all I did was open my mouth wide and take his monster of a cock deeper.

He squeezed my breasts with his hands as he continued fucking my mouth. He twisted my nipples and I moaned loudly as he did it. He then moved his hands to my abdomen and caressed it. Slowly his right hand moved towards my pussy and his left hand withdrew back to my boobs. As soon as I felt his fingers on my pussy, I spread my legs wider to give him access.

Amol inserted his thick finger deep in to my pussy and started fingering me. At the same time he flicked my clit with his thumb. He then went on to insert a couple of more fingers and fingered me faster. The assault on my mouth and on my pussy was too much for me and I felt another orgasm. As my orgasm fast approached, I sensed his stroking getting faster. I noticed his balls had gotten tighter and I knew that he too was close to cumming.

As we approached our climaxes, our mutual stimulation got even more intense. Amol fucked my mouth faster and harder and fingered my pussy deeper. It was a few seconds later that I started moaning so loudly that Amol knew I was just there. He removed his fingers from my pussy and replaced it with his mouth. As Amol bent towards my pussy, his cock went deeper into my mouth.

He began sucking my pussy harder and just a few seconds later I came with a huge moan. Like the last orgasm, I squirted my cum but this time it went straight into Amol's mouth. Amol, who wasn't to far from cumming himself, was pushed over the edge seeing me cum like that. Thick strands of cum gushed from his cock into my mouth and even though I kept swallowing it, I couldn't keep up with the flow. Amol bucked and jerked as a wave of intense pleasure washed over him. As he wildly bucked, his cock slipped out of my mouth and he started squirting his cum on my face.

We must have cum together for at least half a minute before we both stopped. I don't know about Amol but this was the most intense orgasm I had experienced in my 7 years of active sex life. Amol was still licking my pussy so I also took him back into my mouth and started licking his semi erect cock. We both cleaned each other's private parts with our tongues before Amol withdrew.

I was too tired to get up so I just stayed there and saw Amol get a wet towel and start cleaning me up. He cleaned my face and my pussy before holding my shoulders and pushing me up to lay down on the couch with my head over the hand rest. Amol sat next to me on the floor. Our breathing was still pretty heavy and we just smiled at each other without uttering a single word.

Amol moved forward towards me and kissed me. We could taste each other's juices as we engaged in a post coital kiss. He got on the couch and placed him self right above me. I spread my legs to accommodate his hips. We engaged in a series of kisses before I felt his cock gaining erection. He started rubbing it over my pussy as we were still engaged in a passionate kiss.

"Mmm....No Amol...Don't go there..." I said as I suddenly broke the kiss.

"Why not?" He asked.

"I think we shouldn't take things that far so soon. I love you and I really enjoyed what just happened between us but I am not ready to go all the way. I hope you understand." I said with genuine concern.

He smiled and kissed me before said, "I understand my love. There is no hurry. I want you to be absolutely comfortable."

We kissed again before he got off me and walked into the bathroom. I got up after a few seconds and followed him. As in entered the bathroom I saw him standing at the other end of the bathroom, his semi erect cock was squirting urine into the commode. He sensed my presence and turned back to look at me. He smiled and I smiled back at him a little embarrassed.

He moved towards the tap and started washing his cock. I sat on the commode and began relieving myself. Amol then moved back towards me and pointed his wet cock towards my mouth. I giggled at the kinkiness of the moment and happily took him inside my mouth.

This was absolutely weird. I was peeing and sucking on a cock. After I was done peeing, Amol held my hand and gently pulled me under the shower. He turned the shower on and we started bathing each other but not before Amol made me go down on my knees and take care of his raging hard on.

After several minutes we finished with shower and came out. I gathered all my clothes and started dressing up. I wore my bra and started looking for my panties.

"Is this what you are looking for?" Amol said, holding my panties in his hand.

"Give it back Amol." I said as I smiled at his naughty behavior.

"I am going to keep this as a souvenir of this lovely afternoon." He said.

"But Amol I am wearing a skirt. I need those back." I said with a tone of embarrassment.

"Well...that makes things interesting. I want you to go back home commando style." He said before laughing.

I had no choice and I got dressed without wearing my panties. Amol kept my panties inside his cupboard and escorted me to the living room. We engaged in another round of passionate kissing before I moved out of his apartment.

He stood at the door as we watched each other till the elevator arrived. I got into the elevator and soon I was driving back home.

As I drove back home, a worrying thought sprouted in my mind. 'What have I done?' I thought to myself. But a second later, I smiled as I relived the afternoon with Amol. As I drove my car, I saw the setting Sun reminding me that the day had come to an end but a new phase in my life had just begun. I reassured my self that I would let 'fate' take its course and just kept driving.

To be continued...
