carry-on-dentist-1

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/carry-on-dentist-1

"Mmmmm...huh...What the..." I said as I opened my eyes. I was in deep sleep and some movement and a tingling feeling woke me up.

The room was dark and I couldn't see what was going on but the tingling sensation just continued. That sensation was accompanied by slurping sounds. I saw a silhouette to my side with its end over my chest. The silhouette moved slightly and with its each move, the tingling sensation travelled all over my body. I could feel that my nipples were erect and wet; a tongue was working on them. Bursts of intense pleasure raced to my head and my breathing got heavier.

The fragrance of the aftershave emanating from the silhouette turned me on even more. His rough chin rubbed over the soft skin of my breasts intensified the pleasure, making me writhe. The silhouette moved across my chest and settled on my other breast. I moved my left hand towards the side table and switched on the night lamp. And there he was! My man! My lover!

"Aahh....Amol" I moaned as his tongue rolled over my erect nipples. He looked up to me and smiled. I returned the smile and he continued sucking my breasts. I grabbed his cock with my right hand and began jerking him. Amol let out a loud moan of pleasure. My soft, slender hands moved smoothly on his thick, hard cock. Amol was already erect and his cock soon oozed out pre cum making my hand wet.

If his cock was leaking, then my pussy was flowing. Amol's expert manipulation on my boobs was more than enough to make me ready for a hard fuck. Right now I was more than ready; I was desperate for his cock. Amol judged that and moved over my body. I raised my legs in the air and spread them as far as I could. Amol placed himself between them and pointed his cock at my pussy. He slapped his cock on my clit a couple of times and then slowly started inserting it.

"Aaahh..." I sighed as Amol's cock inched into me. Our wetness had made it very easy for him to penetrate me. Soon he was completely inside me. The length and the girth of his cock completely stuffed my pussy. This feeling of being full was amazing. Being completely buried inside me, Amol bent down to kiss me. The kiss was soft and tender making me feel dizzy. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer.

After what seemed eternity, Amol broke the kiss. He raised him self on his hands. I braced my self for I knew that a storm of orgasms was about to follow. Amol slowly pulled his cock out to the edge of my pussy and pushed it back again very slowly. I sighed as his cock touched the deepest places inside my pussy. He started to fuck me with slow, long drawn strokes and then steadily increased his pace.

His cock made squishy sounds as it steadily drilled my pussy. I wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled him for a kiss. We engaged in a wet, sloppy kiss, all the while as he fucked me. He broke the kiss and sat up on his knees. He held my legs with his hands and spread them wide.

Amol's cock was still buried inside my pussy and he started fucking me again. I grabbed the bed sheet tight and grit my teeth as Amol's stroking increased its pace.

"Oh yeah...Oh yeah....Yes...Fuck me like that!" I hollered, unmindful of the fact that I was in an apartment complex with people around us. I had become a shameless slut in the hands on this man who reciprocated my filthy language with deep hard thrusts. The bed creaked loudly from all the wild action happening over it. I was sure the downstairs neighbor, who by now would have lost their sleep, would be thinking that the bed was about to collapse.

But that was far from the truth. The bed that I was being fucked on and on which I had been fucked several times before this was as strong as the man who was fucking me.

Amol abruptly stopped his stroking and placed my feet on his shoulders. With this move, I was pushed ahead towards the head board and my ass was raised in the air. In this angle, Amol's cock would go deeper into my pussy. He then proceeded to fuck me with the same vigor and I moaned just like I did a minute ago.

His hard thrusts pushed me, banging my head against the head board, making loud 'thuds'. The moaning, panting, creaking and the thudding filled the room as our deepest carnal desires poured out. I looked at Amol whose face was dripping sweat. His every move made a few drops of sweat fall on my face and my lips. I licked his sweat off my lips, enjoying its salty taste. I closed my eyes, savoring the feeling of Amol's cock as it rubbed against my pussy walls.

I almost went into a state of trance and what brought me back were Amol's grunts and my impending orgasm.

"I am gonna cum baby...ahh...huh..." Amol moaned as his stroking became frantic and erratic.

"Me too...ummm..." I replied with short breaths. Amol then moved on to the top gear as the climax approached.

"Here it comes!! Take it baby!!" he screamed as his cock spurt out semen deep into my pussy.

"Aaaaahh...yeaaahhhh" I screamed too as the force of his orgasm triggered mine. He collapsed on top of me and I was almost knocked out from the orgasm. I just didn't realize when I fell asleep.

The annoying ring tone of my cell phone alarm woke me up. It never failed me. I had purposefully set that ringtone just to piss off my sleep.

I hurriedly switched it off and looked at the time. It was 6.30 am. I turned to look at Amol who was sleeping on his stomach, the blanket just covering his ass. I slowly tried moving out of the bed trying to avoid making any noise but the attempt miserably failed.

"Huh...you awake sweetie?" Amol asked, barely opening his eyes. I nodded and went to the bathroom. After a quick shower I came out naked and dripping wet. I took the towel on the hanger near by and started drying my body. I then moved to the dressing table and switched on the hair dryer and started moving it over my head.

Amol, who by now was completely awake, got out of the bed and moved to the bathroom. I then heard a loud stream of piss running down the toilet and Amol moan loudly. I smiled to myself and kept combing my hair. He came out a few moments later and stood next to me. I saw him in the mirror, naked with his erect cock just a few inches from my cheek.

"You didn't wake me up properly today?" he asked with a cheeky grin on his face. The proper wake up referred to the blow jobs I gave him to wake him up. I just looked at him and smiled.

"I am not touching that. Every time I do, I get late" I said as I applied on moisturizer on my body.

"You get late...but you get laid as well" he said and chuckled.

"Haa...haa...Very funny" I replied making a mocking face.

"C'mon Sushmita...don't break the ritual. I know you love it. I know you want it" he said as he grabbed his cock and shook it.

I sighed, gave it a light kiss and got up. I walked around the room to gather my clothes. This was usual. Our love making was such that every time my clothes were strewn across the room.

"Aww...C'mon" He said, this time genuinely sad that I wasn't responding to him.

"Well...you have made a video of us, what good is it if you can't use it my absence" I said and giggled.

I picked up my bra which was lying over the night lamp and started wearing it. I then collected my panty which was lying on the bed. Amol moved quickly and snatched it out of my hand.

"I am keeping these..." he said.

"What the hell?...you already have a couple of them. I am running out of underwear." I replied, slightly agitated.

"But I have bought you several new pairs" he said as he kept the panty inside the drawer.

"Yeah...those are not the ones I can wear everyday." I said as I continued dressing. By now I had worn my jeans and put on my top. I slightly combed my hair, sprayed perfume on my self. I grabbed my hand bag and started moving towards the door.

Amol hurriedly wrapped a towel around his waist and followed me to the door.

"Can't you really stay back today? It's not like you husband is coming, he is 2000 miles away!" he said.

"Well...he is not coming but my in laws and my kids are" I said as I opened the door.

"So...when next?" Amol asked, standing half naked and proud at the door.

"I don't know...I will call you" I said and gave him a light kiss, turned back and moved to the elevator. I heard the door close and I entered the elevator.

I am a dentist with an established clinic in the swankiest suburb of Pune. Pune, one of the fastest growing cities in India, was where I was born and brought up. It was in this city itself that I completed my Bachelor's degree in dental surgery. When I was in school, Pune was just a small city in India known for its pleasant weather and its defense garrison. Pune was a quite city with almost no night life barring a few odd pubs in downtown. It was mockingly called the Pensioners Paradise.

Like the city, I too was not developed in school. I was what one calls a nerd. I was tall and skinny compared to other girls in my class. I had long and oily hairs which were always tied in a pony. My teeth were protruding and my father, being a well reputed dentist himself, fitted them a pair of braces. Braces might look cute on some girls, giving them the amateur girl next door look. But in my case, it made me look dorkier.

What made the case against me stronger that I was very good at studies. That's it! I was only good at studies. I was an introvert who seldom went to the playground to play with other girls or participate in any other extra curricular activities except those which had an academic angle to them.

From the above description, one can clearly make out that I was not the most popular girl in school and so it is easy to conclude that I had no boyfriends as well. The concept of boyfriend was as alien to me as sports. It wasn't that I didn't talk to any boy; it was just that my shy nature coupled with my nerdy looks kept boys away from me. I had several girl friends but all of them were nerds.

I neither had the face nor the base to catch the attention of the boys around me. I was almost a flat chested girl and my loose clothing made them almost invisible. I distinctly remember being call 'carom board' by the boys in my school. I was sad about the relative isolation which was forced upon me by my looks and my eremitic nature.

To compensate, I turned my attention towards academics. I was always at the top of my class in any academic exercise and won loads of academic competitions at various levels.

My father was a very well reputed and a well established dentist in the city and I had admired his profession since childhood. I too wanted to follow in my father's footsteps and become a dentist. My academic brilliance not only helped me secure a topper rank in the state board exams but also ensure a seat in one of the best dental colleges in the state. And thus I resumed on a 5 year journey to become a dental surgeon.

My physical blossoming happened in college. My jaw line by then was restored and the braces were no longer needed. I put on weight but because I had taken up yoga a couple of years ago, I maintained the fat I the right places. My boobs grew bigger and their shape improved as well.

From a dismal A cup in the first year they had grown to a desirable C cup by the time I was in the third year of my college. My ass was not fat neither was in very small. It was just perfect!

I had made some friends in college who had good fashion sense and they helped in my make over. My loose, dull clothing was replaced by fitting jeans and tops. My blossoming body also gave me the confidence to try on other clothes such as short skirts shorts.

An appealing body with a good fashion sense made me into a head turner. From being an unpopular girl in school, I was now one of the most popular girls in college. One can say that I had transformed from an ugly duckling to a beautiful, flawless swan.

But the nerd inside me still thrived. I was still the studious girl that I was in school and my academic performance didn't regress. Even though I was more confident than earlier; I was still a not into dating. Several boys from my class tried to hit on me but being the 'good girl' I paid not attention to their advances. My friends teased me about it but I just didn't care about all that stuff.

I had been raised in the typical Indian middleclass family where girls are taught to stay away from boys and that their love and attention is only reserved for the man who will be their husband and who will be chosen by their parents. Such girls, even if they are eager to mingle with boys, stay away because of the teachings and out of sheer fear of their parents. So, I too did not date anyone during my days in college.

After passing out with flying colors, I joined as an intern with my father from who I learnt the practicalities of being a dentist. In a couple of years I was handling patients on my own and I had created a client base for my self.

As is the ritual in India, I got married in my mid 20's to a guy called Vivek. Vivek was a dentist himself who also had an established practice. He was a student in the college where my father conducted guest sessions. He was not only an academically gifted boy, but also had a multi faceted personality. He was a regular participant in all the extra curricular activities that happened in his college. He was a sportsman, a theatre actor. One could say he was kind of a jock.

Vivek, with his charming personality swept me off my feet and we were married just a month after we met. I settled down with Vivek and his parents in one of the upscale neighborhoods in Pune where he had a large bungalow his father had built several years ago. My in laws were very loving, just like my husband and they always made me feel comfortable in the new surroundings that I was living in.

I joined Vivek in his clinic and we had another work station installed so that I could work on my patients. In a few months, I had established my own practice and had as steady string of clients. A couple of years later we were gifted with twins and my life seemed just perfect till the time my husband took up an opportunity to go abroad on a work assignment.

This was the opportunity he had been waiting for several years. He accepted the assignment not only because the money was good, but the international exposure would help him further his career back home when he would return. I couldn't join him because I couldn't get a work permit there and because we had a settled practice here. So it was decided; I and the kids will stay in India with my in laws and Vivek would go abroad for a couple of years and come back.

Even though I was very sad about his departure, I consoled my self on the belief that company of my two cute little kids, my so loving in laws and my parents who were just a few miles away from me. Along with that, I was also happy that I had a great career here.

Technology helped us reduce the distance. Vivek and I kept in contact through the internet and we had long video chats. But no amount of sophisticated technology could beat the physical company of my husband. Our busy lives coupled with the time differences between our nations made things very difficult for us to manage.

Even though Vivek had a very charming and attractive personality and was also pretty good looking, he was not dynamite in bed. The fist few years of our marriage were pretty satisfactory considering our absolute inexperience and the newness of the relationship but as with almost every marriage, the passing years had brought a sense of staleness to our sex lives. Even though we did introduce variations like trying out new positions and fetishes but it just didn't make the cut. I am not saying that I was not happy with the things the way they were but they could have been better.

Vivek's departure had made things worse. It not just created a lack of sexual gratification but also created an emotional void. I, being an introvert hardly shared anything with anyone but with Vivek it was very different. I used to talk to him about any thing and everything. He awakened the extrovert in me and was a very good listener. He always listened to what I had to say and also respected my views. Whatever was bothering me, he would have a solution to it. He wasn't just my husband but he was also my best friend, philosopher and guide.

Even though my husband was away from me and I so wanted to fill the void in my life but I never considered cheating on him. I was a good wife with a great career and one big happy family. It was until a chain of incidences that started 3 months ago that pushed me on the road to adultery. Three months ago I met Amol and my life changed....

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Three months ago...

"Varsha...are there anymore patients?" I asked my assistant on the intercom.

"No madam...all the appointments are done for the day except for one patient referred to us by Mr. Deshpande." She replied.

"Well alright. Why don't you go home and I will shut down the clinic after this last patient. It is already getting late" I said.

"Ok madam. I will wind up and leave." She said and cut the call. This was an unusual thing. It was always I who left first and Varsha shut down the clinic but today I stayed back because of a lot of work and the last patient was a reference from my most regular patient.

Varsha left and I continued doing some work. It must have been 15 minutes after Varsha left that I sensed some movement in the clinic. I heard a knock on the door and I looked up. I saw a man enter with a smile on his face.

The first thing I noticed about this man was his height. He was definitely more than 6 feet tall perhaps reaching up to 6.3 feet. He had broad shoulders which gave him an imposing personality. He had a light stubble or as it is called 5'o clock shadow. He was dressed in formals which looked really sharp on him. He was wearing a white shirt and an ash colored trouser. His hair had started whitening a little giving him a mature look. He had an air about him that could make a girl weak in the knees.

I stared at him as he walked to my table with the same pleasant smile. He noticed my stare before putting his hand forward before speaking.

"Hi. I am Amol Kulkarni. Mr. Deshpande must have mentioned me." he said.

"Hello. I am Dr.Sushmita Paranjape. Yes, Mr. Deshpande did mention you." I said as I got up and shook his hands. After this introduction we both sat down on our respective ends.

"What is the problem?" I asked.

"Well...my left incisors are aching. Perhaps it is infected." He replied.

"Hmm...I will have to check to conclude that. Please sit on the chair." I said as I got up and walked towards the chair. Amol followed and sat on the table. I walked to the table and put on a pair of surgical gloves and mask before getting back to the chair.

"You really have a well decorated clinic." He said.

"Thank you so much" I replied with a light smile before asking him to open his mouth wide. He opened it and I checked his teeth. While I was checking his teeth, I noticed that he was checking me out. I had worn a kameez that day which was a little low neck and while attending to the patient, it gave a great view of my cleavage. Amol wasn't the first person to do this. Almost all my male patients took a peek and I had gotten used to it. One can say it was an Occupational Hazard.

After checking his teeth, I moved away from the chair and walked towards my desk. Amol got off the chair and followed.

"Well...there is an infection. We will have to get a root canal done." I said as I removed the mask and gloves.

"Okay, when should I come next time?" he asked.

"Why don't you come tomorrow and we can start on your treatment" I said as I wrote down a few medicines for him.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/carry-on-dentist-1?page=2

Amol showed up the next day as planned and his treatment started. Amol was a very jovial person and I liked his company. He had a great sense of humor but he also was knowledgeable about a lot of things. Even though he flirted with me, his flirting was not cheap and I just brushed it off.

I noticed several times that Amol constantly stared at me while I was treating him but dismissed it as nothing unusual.

Once he accidently (that's what he says now) brushed his arm against my breasts. Even though he apologized, I did feel a little odd. There were several such instances but I never thought of his intentions otherwise.

One evening, Amol was in my clinic as usual for his treatment. He sat at the other end of my desk and started talking.

"Doctor...I am very tired today. I don't want to be treated upon today. I just want to talk today." He said.

Well...I couldn't refuse him. All my appointments for the day were done and I was free anyways and so I agreed. While talking I came to know that he was senior sales manager for a software company who used to come to Pune often for his project. He had a family back in Mumbai where he was settled. His wife was a housewife and he had a 10 year old son. While talking I came to know that he was 41 years old. That is 10 years senior me but he didn't look a day older than my husband. One clearly could conclude that he took efforts to maintain himself. I also came to know how he knew Mr. Deshpande and I also told him a little about myself like my college life and all.

"Can I ask you a question? Why are there two work stations here?" Amol asked.

"It is my husband's work station." I said.

"You are married?" Amol said with a expression of shock.

"Yeah..." I replied and smiled. I thought it was just one of his usual flirting techniques.

"But you look like you have just passed out college" he said with a mischievous smile.

I giggled at him and showed him my mangalsutra which was hiding under my kameez.

"This college girl is not just married but also has kids." I said.

"I have never seen you husband." He said.

"Yes...because he now works abroad. He has been there for over six months now" I replied.

"That's ironic!"He said.

"Why?" I asked, confused as to what he meant.

"Ironic because you are so beautiful yet so lonely. Well...why are friends like me here. What do you think?" he said.

I immediately looked up at him. He had a suggestive smile. I immediately gauged his intentions but still wanted to make sure if that what he exactly meant.

"What do you mean Mr. Kulkarni?" I asked sternly.

"Well...you are so beautiful and must be hungry for attention with your husband being away. If you need any 'company' then call me" he said with a mischievous smile.

His words pissed me off to no bounds. I stopped writing the prescription I slammed the pen on the table.

I looked at him and said, "Look Mr. Kulkarni, I am not lonely and I don't need you company. The only reason I am entertaining you is because Mr. Deshpande asked me so. If you further want to talk nonsense then I would advice you to get out of my clinic."

I thought my angry words would embarrass or at least throw him off guard but he just smiled. I was taken aback by his reaction but continued with my angry rant.

"That is your modesty speaking. You have my phone number and you can call me any time you want. I can be a very special friend madam. I think that you shouldn't waste your beauty like this. It needs to be appreciated. You don't know what kind of effects you have on me." he said.

"What the hell! Mr. Kulkarni, if you want to carry on with this treatment then I suggest you keep it strictly professional. If you cannot then you should find another dentist" I said.

"That is alright madam. It will take some time for our friendship to blossom. Till then you are the doctor and I am the patient" he said as he got up and left.

This was the first time I had encountered such a situation. A man had openly proposed an illicit affair with me. The very thought was disgusting. I hurriedly closed the clinic and started driving home. In spite of trying hard, his words kept ringing in my ears and the scene just kept repeating in my mind.

I thought of telling all this to my husband but in the end decided not to. I didn't want him to worry about me and I thought I was more than capable of handling this situation but how wrong I was. Even though the thoughts of the evening were continuously running in my mind but I just couldn't come up with the courage to talk about it to anyone.

I had a very demanding life beyond my profession. I had two very energetic five years old twins who always kept me on my toes. Besides that I also had to look after my in laws. Even though my mother in law helped out a lot with all the work but due to her age, she couldn't completely take care of the house.

Two weeks had passed since the incident and life had returned to normal. Amol soon became a distant unpleasant memory. I was in my clinic one evening when taking a break just after a patient had left. The intercom on my desk started ringing. I picked up the phone and I heard my secretary at the other end.

"Madam...there is a gentleman here to see you." She said.

"Who is it?" I asked.

"Mr. Amol Kulkarni" she replied.

"Oh c'mon...what does he want?" I thought to myself.

I didn't want him here but I didn't want to look unprofessional as well so I decided to let him in. I tried behaving as normal as I could but I knew the tension on my face was obvious.

Amol walked inside the room and sat down on the chair right in front of me. He was wearing a light blue shirt and a pair of off white cotton trousers. He had a smile on his face. It wasn't the usual one. It was a smile that showed that he knew how tense I was.

"I am sorry for the other day madam. I want to continue my treatment here" he said with an apologetic tone.

I decided to be the bigger person here and said, "That is okay. I am sorry as well. I shouldn't have been so rude to you. I will continue your treatment only if you promise to keep this arrangement strictly professional. No funny business." I was trying to sound as professional and hard as I could.

Amol smiled and said, "No worries madam. I will behave and you need not apologize, after all, everything is fair in love and war."

I was clearly bowled over by his googly but I didn't want to display my confusion or anger. He had breached the topic indirectly but I couldn't say anything in return because it would show that I had been thinking about all this.

From that day onwards, Amol behaved appropriately. He was back to his jovial nature and the tension between soon waned. After a couple of days I received a sms on my cell phone. It was from Amol. It was just a regular sms joke and I glanced through it once and ignored it after. From that day onwards I started receiving his messages regularly. They contained jokes, inspirational messages and all the usual things that a forwarded message has.

The forwarded messages were followed by personal messages. He started sending messages to inform me the time he would be coming to the clinic or other such reasons but they soon diverted towards more personal.

In the last few days, Amol and I had developed a sort of friendship. The tensions between us were long gone and we talked like friends now. Looking at his new avatar, I had let down my guard and opened up to him.

Amol was a great conversationalist and he bowled me over with this quality. His personality had kept the introvert inside me at bay and I used to talk to him with equal enthusiasm. Our conversations soon moved from the clinic over to the phones in the form of messages and calls. At first they were brief, but gradually became longer and deeper.

This was the first time after Vivek left that I was talking so much with someone. I was pouring my heart out at a man who wasn't my husband and who hadn't known me for that long but our relation had grown to a point where one would think we knew each other for years.

I was gradually getting attracted to Amol and I was very well aware of it. I knew I shouldn't walk on this road and I knew the consequences could be bad but Amol was like the pied piper who could make the whole town dance to his tunes. Being a marketing guy Amol exactly knew how to manipulate someone and make him talk.

He had such a convincing personality that it was hard to say no to him. It wasn't just his charm or his personality but the attention he gave me.

It was with him that I was completely different. I was this free spirited person and had become a lot like him. Amol and I talked about topics that I could never talk to. It was the first time in my life I had found a guy who could talk about all the nerdy stuff that appealed to me.

Our conversations ranged from philosophy, politics, films, music and what not. I knew in my heart that my husband wasn't into all the stuff that I liked though he was quite supportive but we never talked so much about it.

Amol and I started meeting outside my clinic. He usually would come in last and we would leave together. We often went out for coffee before we would go our separate ways. I knew I was walking a tight rope but I convinced my self that I had the situation in control but I didn't know that this illusion of control would soon shatter.

One day, we met at a café in the cantonment area of Pune. This was the usual place where we would meet for coffee. We sat at a table and ordered some hot coffee and started talking. Soon our coffee arrived and we started sipping it and continued with the conversation. There were several thoughts going through my head.

'I am a married woman who was having coffee with a man who wasn't my husband.' I thought to myself.

'Well...there is nothing wrong with a couple of friends having coffee.' I thought and tried to brush aside my concerns.

'Yeah...but you very well know that this man wants to have sex with you!" I thought.

My thoughts drifted me away from the conversation and I just started out of the window.

"Sush...Sush...your coffee is getting cold" Amol said as he tried to bring me back on track.

"Huh....yeah" I replied and started sipping the coffee.

"Let's go out for dinner tonight" Amol said with a big smile on his face.

"What...now? No way" I replied, completely shocked from his sudden proposal. I knew I had to get out of this situation.

"Why not?" he asked.

"I have to go home. My kids and in laws must be waiting form me. Besides...isn't coffee enough for today?" I asked.

"There is never enough time for us" he replied with a very innocent face.

That was one of the sweetest things I had heard in a long time. I just couldn't say no to him when he was throwing such googlies at me.

"Well...why don't we go some other time but not today. I am getting late." I said as my took the last sip of coffee, grabbed my bag and started moving towards the door. Amol followed after paying the bill and we drove back to our respective lives.

While driving home, I recalled all the things that had happened between us. I wondered how I was falling for a guy who had openly asked me to sleep with him. Why was I attracted to him so much that it was becoming increasingly difficult for me to control the situation?

I reached home and got to my usual routine of being a daughter in law and a mother. We all had our dinner and I tucked in my kids for the night. After such a hectic day I wanted to relax. I decided to take a hot shower. While in the shower the whole situation sprang up in my mind again. The thoughts ranged from what I was doing to whether I was doing the right thing.

My mind was running in overdrive over this and a classic debate ensued between right and wrong. On one had I assured myself that I had things in control but deep inside I knew that I was sliding into a pit from which perhaps there was not return.

The socially awkward geek inside of me poked its head out and a thought came up. "What does Amol see in me? Why is he so attracted to me?" I thought to myself. I got out of the shower with a towel wrapped around my body and another wrapped around my head. I walked over to the dressing table and sat on the stool right in front of the mirror. I stared at my reflection and tried to find out the answer to the question.

I knew that I had become a 'hottie' in college but that was years ago. Since marriage and kids happened I hadn't paid much attention to my body except for the yoga that I did every morning. I had become complacent about my body after my children were born and hadn't really observed myself in the mirror like this for ages.

I sat there for several minutes as I slowly applied moisturizer on my hands and on my face. I took of the towel over my head and gently dried my hair. While doing this a thought suddenly sneaked into my head. "Why not check myself out" I thought.

I slowly got up from the stool and stood in front of the mirror. I delicately put a finger on the knot of the towel and pulled it. The knot got loose and came apart and the towel slid down my body. I stood naked in front of the mirror. After several years I was consciously checking out my body.

The first thought that came to my mind was that my boobs had gotten bigger. In college there a C cup but now they were a massive D cup. But the best thing about them was that there was hardly any sag. There had attained a perfect tear drop shape. The fair skin topped by pink areolas and puffy nipples would make any man weak in the knees. I held my boobs in my hand and gently squeezed them weighed them for a couple of minutes before moving on.

My stomach was almost flat except for a little baby fat around my waist. My husband loved it and I always maintained the right amount of it around my waist. I had taken care to get rid of the post pregnancy stretch marks now they were hardly visible. My thighs, though a little fleshy than before were still not bad to look at.

I turned around and the first thing I noticed that I had a fabulous ass. It wasn't huge...it was just perfectly firm. I turned around again and lifted my leg and placed it on the stool. With that my pussy came into view. The pubic hair had grown considering that I hadn't taken efforts to maintain it since Vivek left and he did prefer a little growth down there.

All this checking out had turned me on. In the confines and the privacy of my bedroom I was touching my self. I hadn't done this ever, not even in my college days and here I was checking out myself for a man who wasn't my husband.

I was so engrossed with what I was doing that I didn't noticed the first couple of rings of my cell phone and when I finally did, I ran across to the side table and picked it up. It was Vivek!

"Hey sweetie...were you sleeping, sorry to have disturbed you" I heard my husband say as soon as picked up the call.

"No dear...just took a hot shower and was preparing the bed" I said with a sense of nervousness and guilt.

"Vivek...I miss you" I said as tears welled up.

"I miss you too love" he replied.

"Can't you come home for a few days? At least for a week?" I asked as I was almost on the verge of crying.

"Hey sweetie...don't cry. You know I can't come there so soon. I also desperately want to see you and the kids but what can we do? All that we can do is being strong" he said trying to be as calm as possible.

Vivek consoled me for the next few minutes and I calmed down. This emotional upsurge was followed by the usual husband and wife talk about family and other such mundane stuff. After almost an half an hour, we bid goodbyes and ended the call.

I dumbly wore a pair of panties and my night dress and got into bed. I couldn't sleep even though I tried so hard. I was conflicted between the deep love for my husband and the uncontrollable attraction towards Amol. I couldn't find an answer to this dilemma. I just stopped thinking about all this and let my fate decide the outcome. I blanked out all the thoughts and soon I drifted to sleep.

To be continued...
