corridors-of-power-ch-01

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/corridors-of-power-ch-01

Note: This is a story with a long and slow buildup. Those who are only interested in sex should skip to the next part.

I want to thank Atul, my dear friend who helped me conceive the idea of this story and has helped and motivated me through out. Thanks buddy...

*****

"Sss...Aaahh...yeaahh..." I screamed as the orgasm hit me. My head was banging against the headboard hard with his each hard, forceful stroke.

"Yeahhh...Yeahhh...take it...yeaahhh." He grunted as he realised that I had orgasmed and that provoked him to stroke harder. For a man his age, he was surprisingly virile and strong.

"Ohhhaaa...yeaaahhhhh." I screamed as my pussy spasmed and clenched hard from the orgasm.

"Aaaahhh...yeahhhh...that's it bitch..yeah..." He moaned as my pussy tightened around his cock.

My screams, his grunts, the loud thuds of my head hitting against the headboard, the slapping sounds of his balls against my pussy and the squishy sound of our squeezing and convulsing genitals filled the room, creating a vulgar melody of lust. The smell of sex diffused across the room and filed it soon.

The windows were closed, the curtains drawn, the air condition wasn't switched on and neither was the ceiling fan which made the stench of sex even more pungent and prominent. The first rays of dawn were piercing through the curtains and in between the grunts, moans and the bangs, I could hear birds chirping as the day began. It was still dark inside the room, the night lamp next to the bed shone on our humping naked bodies but the farthest corners stayed in the dark.

Lying on my back, I could see his sweating, wincing face and grinding teeth a foot above mine; his stomach tightening and loosening with each hard thrust. His eyes were open and staring deep into mine; his eyes were filed with lust and I could also sense some anger and frustration in those eyes. I could sense how he was enjoying each and every stroke not just physically but also mentally as if drawing vulgar vengeance.

My legs were in the air, pointing straight upwards, my toes curled, my eyes wide open in sheer lust, pleasure and some shock. His salt and pepper hair which had been neatly oiled and combed minutes ago were now dishelved. His upper lip and forehead was covered with beads of sweat which occasionally would trickle down and fall on my face and lips, which I like a wanton slut would lick and relish.

The bed shook violently accompanied by the loud creaking as its joints quaked and its legs screeched against the floor. I pushed my palms against the head rest, resting them flat on it to prevent my head from hitting them. My body stretched as a result and my back arched, making my supple breasts and the crowing, hard, brown nipples shoot upward.

He lowered his head and latched his mouth to my nipple, biting and sucking my nipple hard, making me squeal louder. I locked my feet on his lower back, just above his butt, pulling him closer and deeper inside me. This wasn't love making but everything apart from it. This was a business transaction and the currency of exchange was lust. I was a somewhat unwilling party to the transaction but just minutes into it I was far from being unwilling.

He lowered himself, bringing his face close to mine and kept staring at me, his body moving forward and backward as he pummelled my soaking cunt but his eyes never broke contact with mine. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him down for a kiss.

Our lips locked, frantically opening and closing on each other, tongues clashing and slithering around each other. His body stretched as he lowered himself and as his hip lowered onto mine, my ass rose a little in the air, allowing him to go deeper and hit the right spots.

Above, we were kissing madly, but below, our hands were inching lower and lower. He slipped his hands under my back and grabbed my butt, pulling my hip closer to his and I too grabbed his butt, pushing it down into me.

"Yeahhh...Yeaahhhhh...Fuck me...Fuck me...Fuckkkkk..." I screamed as another massive orgasm hit me, harder and longer than the previous one. My mind went blank but my body just didn't stop, continuing to match his violent thrusts, making my orgasm far more intense and better.

"Haaa..." He sighed as he slowed down before stopping. I opened my eyes and looked at him. I thought he was done and would pull out now but he kept looking at me, his chest rising and falling with each deep breath. I stared back at him blankly, waiting for him to pull out. My freshly orgasmed pussy was numb and I could barely feel him inside me.

"If you're done, can you get off me?" I asked him as a minute of inactivity passed by.

"Who said I am done?" He looked at me, smiling devilishly.

I stared at him in shock and disbelief but in my mind I was surprised and frankly, impressed. He sat up and pulled out his cock and placed it on my abdomen, just above my pussy. He was right, he wasn't done.

His cock was as erect as it was minutes ago, glistening from our juices smeared over it, occasionally twitching up and down. It's piss slit was big and spewed drops of pre cum which trickled down to my stomach. His cock was resting on my stomach, stretching from my pussy almost to my navel. Fuck...that is big, I thought, impressed not just at his size but also my ability to take such a monster inside me.

I hesitated for a second but then touched it delicately. It twitched at my touch and seemed to harden as my fingers gingerly moved on it. I felt the slick juices stick to my fingers which in turn i smeared on the shaft as I felt the length of the monster.

"Haha...I told you I wasn't done.!" He smirked. I kept quite, ignoring his comment and delicately held the shaft with my fingers before placing the cock at my pussy. I looked up at him and I saw a sense of elation and satisfaction on his face as his cock rested at the mouth of my gaping pussy.

He looked at me and a staring match of sorts ensued before he lunged forward, ramming his cock deep the depths of my pussy.

"Haaaaaa..." I sighed and my back arched as his cock buried itself to the hilt. He placed my legs on his shoulders and started fucking me, this time leisurely, moderating the pace and the depth of penetration for the perfect build up. He lowered his body, pushing my legs back onto me, my thighs brushing my chest as he steadily picked up pace. Our breathing quickened and our pulses increased rapidly as we fucked in unison.

"Aaahhh...Aaahhhh..." I moaned as he kept on fucking me and the now familiar sounds of the creaking bed, slapping balls and grunting, moaning mouths filed the room. I raised my legs off his shoulder, pointing them straight in the air and spreading them in a perfect V before he grabbed the ankles and carried on fucking me.

He placed my legs behind his back and lowered himself on to my tits, squeezing them with his hands and sucking them with his mouth. I wrapped my around his shoulder before I pushed him to the side and rolled him over so that I was now on top of him.

I placed my hands on his chest, running my fingers through the hair. I closed my eyes and threw my head back as I felt his cock poking the deepest corners of my pussy. I felt his hands on my tits, mauling them as I moved back and forth, grinding my crotch against his. I moved faster now, making his cock rub the walls of my pussy, sending pulse after pulse of orgasmic pleasure through my body.

He pushed my hands off his chest, making me collapse on to him. He locked his lips on mine and grabbed my ass with his hands as he took charge of the proceedings. I raised my chest as a loud moan escaped my mouth. My raised chest allowed his mouth access to my delicious and inviting tits and he started sucking on them.

He raised his knees and spread them a little, making my ass cheeks rest on his upper thigh, his cock was still buried inside me but he had stopped stroking. He was manoeuvring for the final assault. He grabbed my ass and squeezed it hard, evoking a moan from me. He raised me a little by my ass before I felt his cock slide upwards into my pussy and then slide back down a couple of times. A few more upward and downward strokes later, he went into overdrive as he started fucking me hard from under. I kept my ass raised a little giving him space to push up and down my pussy.

"Aaahahhhh...yeah..yeahh...yeaaahh..." I screamed as he locked his hands behind my back and continued thrusting upwards. My body shook violently and my convulsing pussy signalled an inevitable orgasm. His twitching cock too signalled his fast arriving orgasm.

"Thap Thap Thap Thap...Aaahh...Aaahhh...Aaaaahhh." I screamed in perfect co-ordination with the hard strokes I was being subjected to.

"I am gonna cum...I am gonna cum...Aaahhhh..." He screamed as he continued fucking me hard. My hair bounced around and almost covered my face but did nothing to cover my screams as I came violently the next second. In the midst of my orgasm, I could feel his cock twitch violently before he pulled out his cock and started cumming on my lower back, just above my butt

"Haaaa..." He screamed as he emptied his nut sack on my back. I collapsed on him, resting my head on his chest, listening to his thumping heart beat and his expanding and contracting lung. I was still shivering from the orgasm and I could feel the cum trickling down my butt cheeks.

I got off him and collapsed on the bed on my back. I couldn't believe what I had become and what I had done all these days. From being a honours student and rising journalist I had tumbled down a dark path from which I could see no escape. As the momentary pleasure and lust receded I could feel the implication of what I had done and started wondering of the consequences of what I was about to do. My life wasn't the same and it would be far different from now on.

"Have you brought what you promised?" I asked Rajneesh as I wiped his cum off my ass.

"Yes...a deal is a deal." He replied as he grabbed the towel from me and started wiping off the cum off his cock. His cock had now shrunk to a flaccid state and didn't look as impressive as it did a few minutes ago.

"Give it to me then." I said to him as I wore my panties before wrapping my body in a bath robe.

He walked over to the couch completely naked before bending over to fetch something from his bag. I was a little repulsed at the sight and looked away. He walked over to me a moment later and handed me a pen drive.

"This has everything you need. E-mails, tapped telephone conscripts, details of his off shore bank accounts and also the audio & video clips of his meetings with the middle men. The rest is for you to figure out and piece together." He said as he started getting dressed.

I connected the pen drive to my laptop and glanced through the folders. As he said, it had everything I needed to nail the bastard.

Rajneesh walked over to the door of my apartment and I walked behind him. He stood at the door with his hand on the latch before turning around to look at me.

"I hope this would be enough for you. Take care and be careful. Things are going to get a lot worse before they even start looking better. I hope you can take it girl." He said, sounding genuinely concerned.

"I still don't understand why you are trying to help the daughter of a man who fucked your happiness. There is a part of me that still doesn't trust you." I replied.

"Haha...That's a surprising thing to say, especially after what we just did." He replied, his face clearly showing signs of victory.

I chose not to reply to his comment and Rajneesh opened the door and walked out. His words kept playing in my mind. Things would get a lot worse he said. I knew that but I was prepared for it.

I walked into my bedroom and opened the curtains and looked out of the window at the rising sun.

----

"Ms. Mira Chauhan...what brings you here." Viraj said as soon as he saw me after opening the door. The tone of his voice was not welcoming but dripped of sarcasm. My annoyed expression made him stop and he signalled me to step inside his house.

"I had called you 2 days ago. This is why I am here." I replied as I sat on the couch and Viraj sat on the one opposite to me.

"Yeahh...you wanted to leak a story." Viraj asked inquisitively, trying to recall our conversation.

"Yess...and I have that story with me." I replied.

"Why haven't you gone to any other news channel or paper?" He asked. He was right, anyone with a news so important would approach a large media house than an underground, shady news blog.

"I am sure they will not break the story, not at this time." I replied drily.

"Why wouldn't they break it?" He asked.

"The media has been bought. You are one of the very few who speaks the truth." I replied.

"Huh...you called me a hack and a phoney on your blog and in your articles and now you're calling me the guardian of truth..what the fuck!" He said sounding clearly agitated.

"Will you let by gones be by gones or should I walk away with this. There are many others like you who'd like to get their hands on this." I replied as I stood up and stepped forward to leave.

"No No..stay back.. relax...I was kidding." He said as he grabbed my hand and pushed me down on the couch.

"Hmmm...what is it about?" He asked.

"Uday Singh." I replied as my lips spread into a very devilish smile. I saw his eyes widen as I uttered those words.

"You have something against Uday Singh...are you fucking kidding me?" He replied with a tone of total disbelief and excitement of a toddler.

"And it's not something ordinary that won't stick. This will stick...and stick so far up his ass he won't know the difference between this and his throat." I said sounding clearly angry but at the same time a little elated at the sense of revenge and justice that I was about to bring down on that sly bastard.

"Where is it?" He asked.

"Here...it is all in here." I said as I dangled the pen drive in front him.

"Bring your laptop and I'll show you." I said and he got up at that very instance and ran inside the house to fetch his laptop.

--------

Two years ago...

"Ladies and Gentlemen, honoured guest, parents and students, welcome to the convocation of the batch of 2012." The principal addressed the audience.

It was my convocation ceremony. I had graduated as an honours student from the top journalism school and this was my time to shine in the limelight. Dressed in the typical black and loose convocation gown, I sat in the 4th row of the auditorium waiting for my name to be called.

"Our esteemed guest tonight is a prominent personality in India and the world. He is an Indian with a global perspective, a man known for his scholarly pursuits and also his humanitarian efforts. He is the former Defence Minister and also a successful businessman...Ladies and Gentlemen...please welcome Mr. Uday Singh." The MC announced the guest of honour and the crown burst into applause.

Mr. Uday Singh stood up from his seat in the first row from the front and waved to the crowd before walking up to the stage.

"And now..I request Mr. Uday Singh to present the award form excellence in academics and extra curricular activities, the student of the course to Ms. Mira Chauhan." The MC announced my name before the crowd erupted into applause.

I stood up, smiling and beaming with happiness. My years of hard work had paid off. I had passed out the most prestigious journalism school and was also declared the the best student from tens who were my classmate. I knew this moment, this award was the push I needed to succeed in my career.

I walked up to the stage and stood in front of Mr. Uday Singh who handed me the award and also my degree certificate; a few photos were clicked, hands shaken and I then presented my speech to the audience.

"Mira...come here child." My principal called for me.

"Yes ma'am." I replied and started walking across the banquet hall to her. The ceremony was over and now the dinner was served. The parents and the guests indulged in the delicious food on offer and most students, including me got busy getting our photographs taken as the last memories of college days.

"Mr. Singh, you met her a few minutes ago but now I would personally introduce you to Mira Chauhan." My principal said as she introduced me to Mr. Singh. I smiled and lowered my head in courtesy. Mr. Singh smiled back and bowed down himself.

"Are you related to Mr. Brijlal Chauhan?" Mr. Singh asked.

"Yes...he is my father." I replied.

"Aaahhh...now I remember you. We have met before at the party back in the good old days." He replied with a sense of nostalgia.

"You see her father Mr. Chauhan was the secretary of my department back when we were in power." He said in turn introducing me to the rest of the group.

"How is your father? Enjoying the retirement." He asked munching on some chicken tikkas served to him.

"Yes he is; he couldn't make it here today. He is in the states with my sister; she just had a baby." I replied. I knew my father would be happy to meet his former boss, I thought.

"Aaahh..that is nice. Give him my regards. So the college topper must have received quite a few job offers." he asked inquiringly.

"Aahh...not quiet a few...just a couple...the economy has taken it's toll on every sector, including ours." I replied with slight sense of disappointment.

"Hmmm...that is the sad. This government and it's high handed methods of handling the economy has taken our nation to the dogs. When we were in power, the world suffered the worst economic crisis but our economy was still clocking an impressive growth rate." He swung into delivering a political speech as if in a rally or a news debate. The crowd simply smiled and nodded and so did I along with him, not caring much for his criticism of the government.

The rest of the evening I spent with my classmates, taking pictures and signing the year books and then eating a sumptuous meal. After a couple of hours, I was about to catch a cab and go home. I had taken off the convocation gown long ago and was now dressed in the cyan coloured chudidar and matching leggings. I walked to the college campus, hoping to find a cab at the gate.

"Ms. Chauhan, Mr. Singh wants to see you." A man walked up to me. Dressed in a crisp white shirt and grey trousers with a diary in his hands, he asked me to follow him to the Mercedes standing near then gate. I walked behind him to the car and he opened the door of the car. I saw Mr. Singh sitting inside and smile at me when he saw me. The man gestured me to get in; I hesitated for a second before getting in.

"Hello again." Mr. Singh said extending his hand towards me.

"Hello." I replied with a nervous smile, feeling his large, hard hand gently squeezing mine.

"I have called you here because I have known your father for years and he was not just a colleague to me but a close confidant and a friend too. So I feel a little responsible towards his daughter. You said you have a couple of job offers; have you heard back from them?" He asked me.

"I still haven't heard back from them." I replied.

"Hmmm...why don't you take this card. Meet this man tomorrow at his office, he'll help you out." He said as he handed me the business card. I looked at the card and read the name of one of the most prominent newspaper editors in the nation. I looked up at Mr. Singh with disbelief and a deep sense of gratitude.

"Thank you...Thank you so much sir." I said.

"You don't have to thank me. Do you want me to drop you home or do you have a ride?" He asked me.

"Uhh...actually, I was going to catch a cab before you called me." I replied.

"Okay...then I'll drop you, no worries." He replied.

"Aah...thank you so much but I don't want to impose. I will catch a cab and go home." I said as I grabbed the latch of the door.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/corridors-of-power-ch-01?page=2

"Stop it...you are not imposing. Don't worry, I have enough fuel in the car. I'll drop you; you just sit comfortably and relax." He said.

"Hehe..thanks Mr. Singh." I replied as I rested against the soft leather seats of the car. Mr. Singh asked me my address and then ordered his driver to take us there.

The drive back to my place was quite long. I and Mr. Singh indulged in small talk and he recalled the times and the days when he worked with my father. As he recalled the glory days, I noticed that beyond his smile and suave manners, something very discomforting. I looked at him for a while, the whole time maintaining the charade of a girl charmed off her feet to gauge what he was up to.

A few seconds later it hit me. He was't the typical lecherous man but a stealthy cat. He was checking me out! I noticed his subtle glances at my body when he thought I wasn't looking. And why wouldn't he? I was a beautiful, young girl who at the moment was wearing a body hugging dress which accentuated the curves of her fresh 23 year old body.

This fresh supple body which had been devoured by a couple of boys and men in the past and which many would want to devour at present, was now the centre of attraction of a man as powerful and prominent as Mr. Singh, even though he made all attempts to hide his attraction.

"There you are Mira. Is that the building you live in?" He asked me as the car stopped in front of my apartment building.

"Yes...I live on the 5th floor." I replied as I opened the door. Before stepping out of the car, I extended my hand towards him for a shake and he too reciprocated. Minutes ago I had realised how he was admiring my beautiful body and this hand shake after the realisation sent a shiver up my spine. I felt his large hands almost completely engulf my tiny little hand and he squeezed it gently and shook a couple of times.

"I hope you do go to the person I just told you about. If you need anything else, this is my card; feel free to call me anytime on my personal line." He said and handed over me his business card.

I thanked him again and stepped out of the car and started walking into my building. Even though I didn't turn back to see him, I could feel his gaze on my supple, tight butt, the shapely thighs below and the thin,delicate waist above. Just the thought made me shudder in pleasure. I turned back and waved him goodbye and he left.

I had this man hooked on to me like a drug. I could just see in his eyes the intentions to do the most nasty carnal things to me. This wasn't the first time I had been subjected to such looks but it was the first time a man of his stature was desiring a girl like me.

Uday Singh was not just a seasoned politician but a well cultured suave man. Born with a silver spoon to an erstwhile royal family, his father too was a prominent political figure of his time. Raised in castles and mansions of royalty and educated in Oxford and Harvard Law School and worked in organisations of international repute in various important positions; Uday returned to India after his father's death almost 10 years ago.

His father and their family legacy was such that he didn't need time to climb up the political ladder. He had it all working out for him; a mighty political legacy, high credentials of education and international exposure and most importantly the support of most caste and community. He was elected to the Parliament from his father's seat and was soon made a minister. In a decade old political career he went from being a novice to a political guru and becoming a defence minister of the country, his rapid ascent through the complex labyrinths of politics in India was impressive and was closely followed by the media.

Apart from his political interest, Uday Singh also controlled a vast business empire and by some estimates, his net worth was Rs. 300 crore. He also was the apple of the eye of the fashion and media industry. His charming looks, his impressive physique and stature made him a hit with women and he regularly featured in women's and fashion magazines across the country. For a man who was on the wrong side of the 40's, he was giving the most promising models a run for their money.

Standing 6'2", his height itself was very impressive. From one look at him, one couldn't accurately make out his age. For a man in his late 40's, he was amazingly fit with no ounce of fat around his belly. He was known for being a obsessive gym freak and was known to run marathons.

It wasn't just his looks and and power, it was just the way he talked. The sophistication and eloquence in his speech was remarkable. He spoke like a true British educated gentleman, his accent itself was a turn on and his command over English was impeccable.

He was the Defence Minister for 3 years before his government collapsed from a no confidence motion put forth by a united opposition. His party lost the motion and the opposition stitched together a loose alliance to form the government. Even though he had lost his ministry, he hadn't lost his power as he became a prominent leader of the new opposition.

This man who seemed remarkable had a spark in his eyes when he was looking at me and that gave me a tingle. Did he offer me help with getting a job due his old connections with my dad or was it a reason to get close to me? I wondered about all this as I made my way to my apartment and decided to sleep over it.

-------

"I am here to meet the Editor in Chief" I told the receptionist who politely asked me to sit on the couch in the lobby. I saw her calling someone and a couple of minutes later she asked me to walk inside the office and walk to the corner office.

I knocked on the door and was asked to come in. I stepped into a swanky office of the editor in chief of one of the most influential and widely read newspapers in the country. His office was very well decorated with royal colour schemes on the walls with a large glass desk in the middle of the room.

One wall was covered in trophies which I guessed were earned over a remarkably long career and there was one wall covered with photos of him with the most influential personalities from around the world.

For a person who appeared to be influential, the man himself wasn't. He was sitting in his chair but one could clearly guess he was fat and short with a rapidly balding head. Glasses rested over his large nose and I could smell the stench of cigarettes from 5 feet away. But still, being a journalist he was a sort of a hero for me.

Rising during the most turbulent political times in the country, he had risen to become a force himself and his persona and attitude itself displayed it.

"You are Mira Chauhan right?" He asked me peeking at me through his thick glasses.

"Yes Sir." I replied standing behind the chair. I was dressed for an interview, wearing a black pant suit and a white shirt under.

"Sit...Mr. Singh has referred you." He said as he looked into the computer.

"Yes." Was all I could say a the moment.

"Give me you CV." He said as he extended his arm all the while staring at the computer. I silently handed him the folder containing my CV and other credentials.

He looked at my CV, reading it carefully before looking at me and then again looking down at the CV. He nodded his head a couple of times as he read my academic history before picking up the telephone.

"Send Manisha." He simply ordered the person on the other side and kept the phone down. A woman who I guessed was Manisha walked inside the office a minute latter.

"This is Ms. Mira Chauhan. She will work with us from tomorrow. Get her joining formalities done." He ordered Manisha.

I watched stunned as not a single question was asked to me as to why I should be hired. I was hired straight away. I was pleasantly surprised and also found it a little insulting but what the heck! I thought and thanked my new boss before walking out of his office.

After trying hard for a year through the college and outside the college, I got a job on the word of just one man. This was the first time I truly realised the weight which Mr. Uday Singh carried and I was thoroughly impressed.

A couple of hours later I walked out of the office with the appointment letter to my new job. I was happy; happy would be an understatement I was ecstatic. My first job was going to be in the news paper I had always dreamed of.

As I was walking down the street, my cellphone rang. It was an unknown number which I generally avoided attending but today, what the heck, so I picked it up.

"Hello Mira...This is Uday." I heard his baritone voice at the other end.

"Hiii...Thank you so much...so much for the job sir. I will always be indebted to you for this gesture." I almost squealed through the phone. I was sure he must have pushed the phone away hearing my loud, high pitched voice.

"Hahaha...The pleasure is all mine." He replied, amused at my reaction.

"This calls for a celebration Mira." He said.

"Sure...just tell me when and where." I said without thinking about it for a second.

"Ohh..well...how about at the Taj in an hour?" He asked.

"Uhhh...ohh...okay." I replied, completely bowled over by his offer. In the heat of excitement I had offered to meet him, not expecting him to be serious at all but he actually was.

"Good...where are you right now?" He asked.

"Uhhh...just a couple of blocks away from the media house." I replied and looked around. I felt as if he had eyes on me.

"Ok...wait there...There'll be a car there in a few minutes to bring you to Taj." He replied and cut the call.

Half an hour later we were at a restaurant in one of the plush hotels in the city. I was sitting on a small round table which could accommodate just 2 people. Uday was sitting opposite to me; wearing a white T shirt and a faded blue jeans, his folded sun glasses hanging off his collar. Clean shaven and hair neatly done he indeed looked more like a model than a politician.

I on the other hand had taken off my jacket and kept it on the extra chair at the side. My fabric of my white shirt was a tad bit lighter than usual and in the brightly lit restaurant, I was sure he could make out the black bra I was wearing underneath.

I had kept the top two buttons of my shirt open which gave a tantalising view of my cleavage. The bra was a push up bra which perked up my already sizeable tits and made them prominent than usual. A delicate gold chain hung down my neck, resting an inch above my cleavage line.

The white shirt, the contrasting black push up bra and the beautiful gold chain on my fair skin was a teaser to what lied beneath. I had not dressed up like this for Uday but for the editor but he didn't bother checking me out so what the heck, at least I could use this trick on Uday.

This time we were far more casual to each other than the last time. Last time he was my father's boss, helping me to get a job but since the last meeting I had noticed his lusty glances at me and this time I too had let down my hair a little and gave him space to manoeuvre. He was genuinely a laid back guy and had a good sense of humour but I made it a point to giggle and blush a little more than usual to his jokes and snippy comments. I knew this had an effect on guys.

"Are you married?" I asked him as I sipped on the beer in front of me.

"Why does that interest you?" He asked.

"No...I mean you are so much in the news but I have never heard about your wife." I replied with a smile.

"I am married but my wife has been wheelchair bound for years. We have been married for 15 years but she has been physically challenged for 12 years. Her health doesn't allow her to come in public and my life doesn't allow me to stay away from public." He replied. The moment he said that he was married I looked at his ring finger and there was no ring on it. That was perhaps a subtle signal that he was game.

"Ohhh...I am so sorry Mr. Singh." I said as i bent forward and held his hand and gently squeezed it. I was aware that the deliberate move forward would give him an amazing view of my cleavage which I was sure was about to pop out of the tight bra.

As I held his hand, he looked at me, his eyes showed that same glimpse of lust I had seen last night. I noticed that he stole glances at my cleavage which was exactly my intention. I gently tucked a loose strand of my hair behind my ear as I continued holding his hand.

I knew that a beautiful young girl with her ample cleavage showing and doing such a delicate yet beautiful thing like tucking her hair her ear would break any man, not matter who he was.

"Call me Uday, Mira." He said, looking into my eyes.

After giving him a good show for a few seconds I straightened up. He was snapped back a second later, mesmerised from what had just happened. I smiled at him, a smile which was a mix of naughty and innocent, something he'd have to figure out for a while.

We continued talking, sipping beer and munching on the snacks he would call for every now and them. The cleavage show wasn't the last thing on my seduction plan. I slid my foot up to his leg, brushing it gently. He was startled at the move which was clearly showing on his face. I apologised, trying to make it look accidental.

A minute later, my foot brushed his leg again and this time, he didn't move an inch. This time he knew it was deliberate and his leg stayed put in his place. I looked at him and saw a knowing smile on his face to which I blushed. The game was on now I thought and I was sure he too was thinking the same.

We spent sometime there before he dropped me back to my house. Just like last night, I smiled and waved at him as he drove off. I went up to my apartment and collapsed on the couch. What a day it had been. I had just been hired in one of the widely read news papers, without even a proper interview, I had drink with a man like Uday Singh and I openly flirted with him. Whew!

I realised one thing which stood corrected. He helped me get a job but I wanted more. I knew he was very well connected and that meant he could be the ladder I need to climb up in life.

What if I was bending some morals of my own but in this cruel, cut throat world, good guys always come last. It wasn't as if I was a virgin or had taken a vow of celibacy; I had my share of flings and hook up and this would be just another in the list but this one would take me places. I had to do this!

--

"Good morning Beta." My father said as soon as I picked up the call.

"Good morning Papa." I replied, beaming with happiness. I wanted to tell my father about the job offer and how Uday had helped me to get it.

"You seem to be in a good mood. What is it?" He asked, immediately judging his dearest daughter's elated tone.

"Dad I got a job...and you know where?" I replied as I went on to tell him about the interview.

"That's great beta. But how did you get a call for the interview? And from what you've told me, it looks like if you already had the job and the interview was just a formality." He said, his tone expressing a sense of doubt.

"That's the best part. Uday Singh got me the job." I replied. I thought my father would be happy knowing his former colleague had helped his daughter but I heard nothing from him.

"Dad..." I said, checking if the line was disconnected.

"Uday Singh...you mean Former Defence Minister Uday Singh?" He asked sternly.

"Yeah...you know him right?" I enquired. I felt strange hearing his tone, it sounded so apprehensive.

"A little too well." He mumbled which at first I couldn't understand but looking back I recollected it.

"What?...What dad?" I asked.

"Nothing beta. Congratulations on your new job and I hope you make a good career for yourself but keep in mind one thing." He said sounding very serious.

"What is it dad?" I asked. I was getting nervous and I was a little sad as my dad went from congratulating me to warning me in a second.

"Be careful...Be careful of everything...especially Uday Singh." He said. His voice sounded so stern; as if spelling doom.

"What do you mean dad?" I asked. I was now a little scared.

"Just remember my words. Keep me posted on everything. Your mom and I will be back in a couple of months after Ria settles down with the baby." He said before passing the phone to my mom.

I went through the mundane everyday conversation with my mom but I was a little shaken by what my dad said.

----

It had been a couple of months since I had started working at the office. I had made some new friends and had almost settled down. As a rookie I wasn't getting the meatiest of the assignments and my days were spent with some senior journalist and other senior members in the office, trying to get a hold of real journalism.

I realised that the office was a kingdom and every senior journalist was a feudal lord in himself. They had spent years toiling and working on the field to get where they were and they wouldn't let go an inch of their territory which I was trying to grab. I too wanted to make a mark but in all the editorial meetings we had each day, I was assigned menial jobs. Though I enjoyed working, but I was getting restless for a break.

One day I got a call from Uday's secretary asking me to come to his residence. He told me the time and the address and asked me to be there on time. Her tone was very formal like any other secretary. I was kind of excited to meet Uday not just because I was attracted to him but perhaps one more meeting would throw me an opportunity worth grabbing.

I made up an excuse to my boss to sneak out of office which she fell for. I rushed to the ladies room where I freshened up. I looked around to check if no one was around and unbuttoned my shirt. I adjusted my bra clasped tits to perk them up before buttoning up. I applied mascara on my eyes and a dark red lip stick. I combed my hair and tied them with a clutch. I intended to let my hair loose in front of Uday but for now, I had to look professional.

I caught a cab a few blocks away from my office and told the driver the address. The whole way to Uday's house, I kept thinking of our meeting at the hotel. I recalled how openly I had flirted with him and how he had welcomed my every move. But last time there was no one around and this time I was going to his house. His wife, his staff, everyone would be there to see so I couldn't use the open flirting trick but I had to try something subtle yet effective.

I reached the address and got off the cab. I told the security guard at the gate of my appointment and I was let in after a thorough check. The house was a good 100 meters from the gate and the path was surrounded by greenery.

Tall trees cast a cool shadow on the path and I could hear the birds chirping from the trees. Neatly trimmed shrubs decorated the banks of the path on both sides of the path, there were vast lawns of fresh green grass.

This sprawling estate stood right in in the middle of the biggest city in India. Outside the gate, the sounds of the city filled the air but inside it was a different world in itself.

The house itself was huge. Built in a fusion of colonial and traditional Indian architectural design, it stood majestically in the middle of the estate.

I could make out that the back yard of the house was far larger and more beautiful than the front yard. There were several cars lined up near the house with a few people standing near them.

I could see a few cops near the house standing in attention with their rifles at their sides, keeping a close watch on the activities around the house. The estate, the house, the armed guards and everything else about the place screamed the presence of someone important.

I walked up to the front of the house before I was stopped again. My credentials were checked along with my stuff. I had to go through a metal detector and a host of other security measures before I stepped inside the house.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/corridors-of-power-ch-01?page=3

Before I met Uday I wanted to check myself and I hurriedly walked to the washroom. I looked at myself in the mirror and smiled. I un buttoned the top two buttons of my shirt, just like the other day and then let my hair loose. I smiled even more as I saw myself in the mirror, thinking of how Uday would react.

As I stepped into the lobby of the vast mansion, I was greeted by a lady. She introduced herself as Naina, Uday's personal secretary. Dressed in a pink silk saree, with a touch of elegantly done make up adoring her face along with her speech and mannerism, she looked polished.

She appeared to be in her mid to late thirties but she looked much younger. Her body was on the plus side but no one could dare call her fat. Her ample bosoms hid behind the blouse and the neetly worn pallu of her saree. Her hips were wide and her ample but swayed and jiggled with each step she took forward. All in all...she was what boys would call a MILF.

She took me to a room and asked me to sit for a while till Uday is free from his meeting. I nodded in agreement and she left. I looked around the room and it looked it a study room. Instead of walls, the room appeared to have book shelves covering it. The shelves were lined from left to right and top to bottom with books, some of which i realised were classics and cost a fortune to acquire.

A large wooden table and a plush antique arm chair stood at one corner of the room and the ceiling had a beautiful crystal chandelier. Apart from the 3 bookshelf walls, there was a large glass window which acted as the fourth wall.

The view outside was magnificent with a vast green lawn, fountain in the middle of it and a few trees on the fringes. The edges of the lawn was marked by ornamental shrubs and plants with beautiful blossoming flowers. I also saw a couple of peacocks walking around in the garden freely. The whole place, the whole set up seemed out of the world.

In many ways I was being shown what Uday was capable of and what wast wealth and power he held. First I was given a job without an interview and now I was in the most beautiful house that I had seen. Amazed I walked around the room, watching and observing every minute detail of the well thought and intricately decorated house.

"Hi Mira...Sorry to have kept you waiting." Uday said as he walked into the room.

"No...no problem. The beautiful room and the splendid view outside kept me busy. Quite a place you have here." I replied with a gentle smile.

"Haha...Thanks. This place was bought by my father and I spent many a days of my childhood here. When I recall my childhood and I do so vividly, I recall how this place was far more simpler yet so beautiful than what it is today." He said as he looked out of the glass window and then a moment later at me.

"Hmmm...so why did you want to meet me?" I asked him.

"Nothing specific; just wanted to meet you." He said casually.

"Ohh...ok..." I replied and blushed a little. He went to the table and picked up the phone and called for some tea and snacks before walking back to me.

"So how is the job? I hope you're doing well." He enquired.

"Yeah...it is great. I am learning the ropes and still have some time before I can actually take on serious assignments but..." I replied trailing off.

"But???..." He asked.

"It's like I want to do some real reporting you know. I can't go the usual way and I want to cut the learning curve which I know I can." I replied sounding a little frustrated.

"Haha...you are quite ambitious. Good for you. But what is the real reporting you want to do." He asked sounding amused.

"You know... some real journalism. Something that will be first page stuff." I replied.

"Hmmm...I can't think of anything like that for now but I have an idea that will help you get some of that real journalism you want." He said.

"And what is that?" I asked curiously. This is it. This was so easy; I was again going to get what I wanted to effortlessly.

"Have you ever done an interview?" He asked as he sat on the table and asked me to sit on the chair next to his.

"Not in real but I have done some during my college days." I replied.

"Hmmm...How about you interview me?" He stated his offer very casually.

"Really...seriously!!" I said, almost jumping out of my chair in excitement.

"Yeah...I haven't given a one on one interview in months so that takes care of my need and your first interview too." He replied with that charming smile.

"B..But I am not at all prepared. I don't have any questions for you to ask." I replied. Interview was the last thing I thought I'd be offered. I thought this meeting would be a just meet and greet.

"Dont worry about that..." He said as he flapped his hand around dismissively. He picked up the phone and called Naina. A few seconds later, Naina walked into the room.

"Naina...can you get the questions we thought off the other day for my interviews." He said to which she smiled and nodded before walking out.

I was stunned. I thought that journalists work hard on composing the most tricky, hard hitting set of questions and most of them really do but I didn't know that politicians too keep a ready set of questions they'd liked to be asked.

"The questions are kept ready because we want to keep the news focused on some particular issues. It is a political strategy...relax." He said calmly.

The tea and snacks arrived and were served in a very fine and expensive looking crockery. A minute later, Naina walked back with the set of questions which I would ask him for the interview.

"Do you have a recording device?" He asked as he handed me the questions. I just dumbly nodded my head sideways as a No.

"Naina...can you get her cell phone from the security?" He asked her.

"Yes Mr. Singh." She replied before walking out of the room.

"You must have the answers ready too?" I teased him.

"I can't dictate you the answers. They are free flowing thoughts and not a prepared speech." He said before we both erupted into laughter.

Naina walked back in to the room and handed me my cellphone which would now be used to record the interview. Naina walked back out the room and we were all alone in the big room to do the interview.

All I had to do was switch on the voice recorder and read the questions and he would give his answers; I did so perfectly. The answers, just like the questions seemed to be well prepared and he went on effortlessly trashing the current government for issues across the board.

We did the interview over the delicious, hot masala tea and the savoury snacks and soon the round of questions was over. I was elated that I had something in my hands that would help me step up the curve at work. I was desperate to run back to office and show this to my boss but I also wanted to stay back with Uday.

Wearing a white kurta and a pajama he looked stunningly handsome. A day old stubble and a pair of thin framed glasses to add to it, made him irresistible. He was dressed like any other Indian politician but this rustic look couple with his personality would make him stand out of the political crowd.

The interview was over but we continued talking. Random stuff seemed interesting and his wit and charm seriously bowled me over. Add to it the grandeur and the elegance of his house itself was a projection of his power and I was sure that any girl or woman in my place would get weak in the knees.

"The world knows about you as a politician, but who are you in real life. What is your philosphy of life...love...women?" I asked him candidly. The question was followed by a very knowing smile, first from me and then from him after hearing the question.

"Haha..I'll tell you about my philosophy provided this is strictly off the record." He replied.

"Yes of course...you don't have to worry about that." I replied trying to shrug off his worries.

I knew in politics, image was everything especially for a politician like Uday who had a very good image in public. He told me about his personal life, his likes, the struggle with his married life before winding down the to the last part of my question; Women.

"A man is known and respected by the company of women he keeps. Beautiful women make a beautiful life." He said as he turned to face me. He was standing a couple of feet away from me.

I looked up at him towering above me. I could feel the tension rise in the room. The choice of his words in that baritone voice made me tremble. I knew the comment was directed at me and he realised it had the desired effect.

"Let me summarise the philosophy of life. Drink the finest scotch, smoke the smoothest cigars, drive the fastest cars and spend hours in the arms of a beautiful woman. I have all those in my house right now...including a beautiful woman right in front of me." He said as he stepped forward, now standing very close to me. Looking deep into my eyes, he placed his hand on my shoulder.

I shuddered at his touch, my lips trembled and I closed my eyes. I opened my eyes to look up at him as I felt his other hand gently hold my waist.

I was aroused...so aroused that unknowingly bit my lip stick smeared lower lip. That was the signal Uday was waiting for and he squeezed my waist which made me draw a sharp breath in before sighing.

His right hand gently caressed my shoulder and arm before moving up to my cheek. He gently caressed my cheek, my ear before slowly running his hand through my hair while he gently pulled me closer to him.

I closed my eyes and tilted my head back as I felt his large, rough hands caress me so very gently. I felt his thumb on lip as it traversed across its length. As he slowly moved his thumb across my lip, I felt it spreading open my lips a little before the tip of his thumb slipped into mouth through my parted lips.

As I felt his thumb touch my teeth, I parted them to allowing him slip his thumb further into my mouth. His thumb touched my tongue and I instinctively swirled my tongue around it and bit it lightly. I heard him moan in delight, happy with how things were going and realising that I was no prudish girl.

He pulled out his thumb from my mouth which made me open my eyes. I looked up to him and realised that he was lowering his face towards mine. I was already lost in the sea of lust and knowing that his lips were about to touch mine, made me sink deeper.

I waited in anticipation and just that one second felt so cruel but the reward following was worth the torture. I felt his lips touch mine and I sighed instinctively. He slowly moved his lips over mine, gently caressing them resulting in my breaths getting deeper and my heart beating faster. He caressed my lips with his a couple of times before parting my lips with his before they locked together.

I felt a surge of blood rush through my head and felt dizzy as I literally melted into my arms. My knees felt very weak and I thought I would fall but his arm wrapped it self around my waist and pulled me closer before his lips tightened around mine. Our lips were locked in a kiss for a couple of seconds before I felt his moving.

I too began moving my lips and we were soon engaged in frantic kissing right in his house, by the large glass window. He ran his hand through my hair as he kissed me deeper making me moan in his mouth. I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling him closer.

I felt his hand run down my shoulder and rest on my left tit before squeezing it. I moaned loudly, my moans muffled by his mouth but still quite audible. A moment later I felt his hand unbuttoning my shirt.

My pulse quickened with each button being opened. In the silence of the room, I could her our thumping heart beats, our deep breaths and the distinct clicking sounds of the buttons of my shirt opening.

"Uhhmm...Hmmm." We heard Naina clearing her throat as a signal for us to stop. Shocked, I immediately pulled away and turned around when I realised that my shirt was parted and my bra was visible. Visibly embarrassed I hurriedly tried to dress and compose myself.

"Sir..your next meeting is about to start." She said in a very calm and composed tone.

"Okay...I will be there in a minute." Uday replied and Naina nodded her head and left.

He looked at me for a moment before saying goodbye and walked out of the room. I stood there alone in the room still reeling from what had just happened.

The day started off as a normal one with nothing out of the ordinary to anticipate and now I was in the house of one of the most powerful men in the country and just a minute ago, our mouths were locked to each other.

A good minute later I realised I had to leave and walked out quietly, first out of the room and then out of the house.

The whole incident, right from the moment he stepped closed to me played again and again in my mind before I realised that there was something else to that I had with me; his exclusive interview.
