dirty-little-secret-ch-02-2

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/dirty-little-secret-ch-02-2

It had been 4 days since I had seen or heard from Vijay. For the first couple of days I tried to stay outside my house as long as I could so that I could avoid bumping into him & for the rest of the time I avoided walking down to his house which I so often did before our encounter. Even though I agree that my encounter with him was eye opening, mind boggling experience, but still being a traditionally nurtured girl, I still had an over weighing sense of guilt, shame and lots of confusing emotions about the incident.

There were still 4 days before my parents would arrive & till then I knew it would be difficult to stay away from my dear aunt & uncle who I depended upon to a great extent in the absence of my parents.

On Saturday though I had no where to go and I decided to stay put inside my house for the whole day. After having a shower, I sat in the living room watching TV and chatting with friends on Whatsapp, munching on chips as I usually did while watching a chick flick when the door bell rang. I sat up, a little surprised wondering who it could be. Vijay was still at the back of my mind but Vimal would be home today so he wouldn't dare come along and even if he did he wouldn't wait here for long.

I walked to the door and looked through the peep hole. Aunt Vimal was there at the other side of the door. Quietly thanking god I opened the door to welcome Vimal with a smile.

"Hi Beta..." Vimal greeted me in her usual loud and enthusiastic way.

"Hi Vimal..." I replied letting her into the house.

Vimal entered and spread her arms around me to hug me. I too embraced her tight as we usually did. Our hugs were usually very tight as if we had met after a long time even though we would meet almost every day and at times several times during the day.

"How are you Beta?" She asked me as she let go off me and started walking to the living room.

"I am fine Vimal, just chilling out." I replied. We walked into the living room and made ourselves comfortable on the couch. I muted the TV and we started talking.

"You haven't come to my house all these days?" Vimal asked me.

"Yeaah...aah.." I struggled to reply.

"What...is everything okay?" she asked seeming a little worried.

"Yeah Yeah...I am fine. It's just that I have been busy the whole week with lectures and study." I replied controlling my discomfort.

"Yeah but usually you join us for dinner when your parents are out of town. Then what happened this time?" She asked.

Now what was I supposed to tell her? I did actually go to her place to have dinner not because I was too lazy to cook for myself but because she cooked well and I didn't have to worry about cleaning afterwards.

"Yeahh...this time I had the company of my friends. Some or the other would be there with me during dinner." I gave her a reason.

Ohh...Okay...Well. I had sent your Uncle to check up on you a few days ago." She said as she stood up. 'Shit Shit Shit' I thought as a chill ran down my spine. Was she on to us? Did she know what happened that day? What will she do? What will I say? All such obvious questions came to my mind and I was lost in them. I saw Vimal speak something but couldn't really listen to her as I was so pre occupied with my exit strategy.

"Neha...." Vimal asked as she looked at me with a bewildered experession.

"Yeah..?" I asked as I back to my senses.

"I said that your Uncle told me that you weren't at home that day?" She said.

"Ohhh...Sorry...Yeah...Maybe..." I replied trying to act as normal as I could.

"Hmm...okay then I will go home now. I have a lot of work to do." She said as she started walking to the door.

"Join us for dinner tonight Neha." She said as she stood at the door.

"Ohh...No No...I am going out with my friends." I replied.

"Ohh C'mon Neha...you have been having dinner with your friends for the past 4 nights, you can have one with us tonight. After all we are as good as friends. Aren't We?" She said trying to coax me into joining them for dinner.

"Well...I don't want to impose..." I replied, trying to wriggle my way out of it.

"What...What is the matter with you? Why are you being so formal all of a sudden?" She said loudly. Her reaction was not surprising; after all I had never been even close to being formal or hesitant to go to their place or be with them.

"Hehe...Okay...I will come tonight." I said. I had no way to refuse. It would be too strange to say no like this.

"Alright, we will meet you at 8." She said as she stepped outside my house. I closed the door and slowly walked towards my bedroom.

'Ding Dong...' the bell rang as I stood outside Vijay and Vimal's house. They had invited me over for dinner but I hadn't bothered to dress up properly. I was wearing a simple blue T shirt and a pair of shorts. I had worn a pull over because it was a little chilly.

"Hey...come on in..." Vimal said when she opened the door.

I walked inside to the living room where I saw Vijay sitting on the couch watching TV. He looked at me and smiled. It was a normal smile and not the lecherous one that I had seen that day. It was a courteous gesture that one expresses when you meet someone.

But that smile was enough to make me shiver. I hadn't seen Vijay since that day and now that he was just a few feet away from me just brought back the memories of that day. Those images just flashed in front of my eyes.

Vijay was sitting on the couch such that his butt was just on the edge of the cushion, his back against the couch and his legs stretched out on the floor. Even though Vijay was fully dressed I could still visualize his naked body; the firm chest, the flat stomach and the massive tool between his legs. I clenched my right hand when I remembered how his hard cock felt in its grip.

I had heard and at times been a witness to a visual undressing by a guy but I had never done that to anyone. 'What the hell!' I thought. As I just stood in the living room, lost in my own thoughts, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned back to see Vimal looking at me.

"What happened?" She said as she stared at me. "Uhhh...nothing...nothing..." I replied.

"Okay then...let's go inside..." She said as she grabbed my hand and started walking towards the kitchen. I looked at Vijay who was still staring at the TV. I caught his glance as I walked away from the living room.

I spent the next couple of hours with Vimal in the kitchen helping her cook. Vijay would occasionally drop buy to fetch a beer from the fridge. Some small talk with Vijay would follow but I didn't notice any abnormal behavior from him. It was as if nothing had happened. Neither did he stare at me nor did he try touching me more than required. Well...why would he? Why would Vijay try something funny with his teenaged niece when his wife was in the house?

"You ladies want some wine?" Vijay asked as he fetched another beer from the fridge.

"I would love some." Vimal said.

"And you Neha?" Vijay asked me. I just didn't know what to say. I had never tried wine; in fact, I was an occasional soda drinker.

As I stood there thinking how to react, Vimal spoke up...

"Yeah... why not Vijay? I think she is old enough to try some wine. Why don't you pour her a small drink?"

"He he...yeah sure." Vijay said as he moved to the wall cabinet and took out two wine glasses. He took out a wine bottle from another cabinet and pulled out its cork with a loud pop sound. He poured the wine in the glasses; a small quantity in one glass and a little more in another glass. He passed on the glasses to us before opening his pint of beer.

"Cheers to our grown up girl." Vimal said as our glasses and his pint touched each other making a clinking sound.

"Yeah...all grown up..." Vijay said as he stared at me and took a sip of his beer. Vimal also took a sip of her wine but I still had the glass in my hand.

"Come on Neha...take a sip...it's just wine and it can't be the worst thing you could do." Vijay said as he and Vimal kept looking at me with expectation.

'What the hell was that?' I thought. Vijay had just pulled off a sucker punch with his two statements.

I just quietly sipped the wine busy thinking about what Vijay had just said. I was tasting wine for the first time. It had a weird taste; little sweet, little sour. For the first time I didn't like wine at all but I knew that it was an acquired taste.

When I finished the drink in a few sips, Vimal poured me another one. I sipped the drink as Vijay and Vimal engaged me in talking.

"I think the drinks are enough for today. Neha can you please set the dining table; Vijay and I will bring the food." Vimal instructed.

Soon we were on the dining table. Vimal was sitting opposite to me and Vijay was to my right. We were enjoying the food and Vijay and Vimal were asking me about my college and other activities. It was a normal family dinner.

As I was engrossed in talking to Vimal, I suddenly felt something briefly rubbing against my leg. I looked at Vijay who was quietly eating his food and listening to our conversation.

I thought it must have been accidental and I continued talking to Vimal. A few moments later I again felt something rub against my shin and moved over to the right side of my calf. I immediately recognized that it was a foot and from the way it was moving along my ankle up to my mid calf I knew it wasn't accidental. The only person to do this at the table was Vijay.

I glanced at Vijay who was still looking down at the plate and eating his food. Vimal on the other hand was still talking but at the moment she had my least attention. Vijay's foot was now rubbing along my shin and calf freely as he knew I wouldn't dare react to his actions in front of his wife.

I somehow managed to maintain my composure and continued eating, feigning attention to Vimal who continued talking something about my studies. I think it was about some course. She wanted me to attend that course and was perhaps telling me about the features of the course.

"What do you think Neha?" She asked me.

"Yeah...I think it is great." I replied not too sure of what she was asking me.

"Uhhh...okay..." She said as she got back to eating. I looked at Vijay and noticed his faint grin. He knew I wasn't paying attention to his wife but was rather pre occupied in his erotic antics.

I kept eating and nodding my head in agreement to whatever Vimal was saying. Vijay now moved his foot higher and touched my knee. I gasped as he did that and that was enough for Vimal to notice. "What happened?" She asked at me.

"Nothing nothing...uhhh...I need a glass of water." I replied.

Vimal got up and walked into the kitchen to get me a glass of water. The moment she was out of sight, I kicked Vijay in the shin and he gasped. His reaction to my action took me aback. Instead of backing off, Vijay put his hand under the table and on my thigh. While sitting, my shorts had been pulled up and now Vijay's hand was resting on the exposed right one.

I gasped as I felt Vijay's cold palm on my thigh. He squeezed my thigh with his large hand and moved it over to the left thigh and caressed it. This time I didn't react but kept staring at Vijay as he continued caressing my left thigh. To gain access to my left thigh Vijay had to move forward and as he did he came closer to me. His face was now a few inches away from mine and we continue staring at each other. This reminded me of the same situation we had been in the other day when I was jerking his cock and he was fingering my pussy. I clenched my fist as I was reminded of the feel of his hard cock in my hand.

Vijay moved his hand up and his fingers sneaked inside my shorts. I held his hand and almost moaned as his fingers inched towards the hem of my panties. It must not have been more than a minute but it felt like it had been hours as Vijay and I engaged in carnal games under the dinning table.

Vijay immediately withdrew his hand and straightened up and I was pulled back from ecstasy and opened my eyes as we heard foot steps approaching us. Within seconds Vimal was back in the dinning room with a jug of water and a three empty glasses.

She sat on her chair and poured some water in the glass and passed it to me. The caressing had left my throat dry and I really needed a glass of cold water to calm down my nerves.

Dinner proceeded as usual and I was soon in the kitchen with Vimal helping her clean up. Vijay was in the living room watching TV while I and Vimal engaged in small talk about random topics.

After about half an hour Vimal and I finished cleaning up and walked into the living room. Vijay was sitting on the couch with his feet on the table in front of him and was flipping through channels trying to find something worthwhile to watch. Sunday nights, in my opinion was the worst time to watch TV. There were no movies, no serials or anything worth watching. It was a time when people would wind up in bed for the hard week at work the next day.

I and Vimal walked over to the couch and sat down. Vimal was sitting next to Vijay who had by now moved to make room for us on the couch. I sat next to Vimal at the other end of the couch. Vijay kept changing the channel till he found a new movie playing on a channel. It was an action movie of some Hollywood action hero. We started watching it as Vijay and Vimal were both fans of action movies whereas I didn't feel so strongly about violence.

We spent almost an hour watching the movie and during the breaks one of us would get up for a drink of water or going to the loo. During one of the commercial breaks, Vimal got up and walked out of the room. Now Vijay and I were sitting alone in a dark room where the only light was from the television. I expected Vijay to soon start with his erotic antics but he didn't move at all.

'Now he will do something....now he will do something' I thought as I expected Vijay to make a move at any moment but that did not happen. Vimal returned and we went back to watching the movie. We watched the movie together for another half an hour of so before Vimal spoke.

"I am sleepy...I am going to bed." she said before she yawned and got up.

"Neha...if you are going to stay for the night then you can sleep in the guest room. Good night beta." She said and started walking out of the living room.

I looked at Vijay who was still staring at the television. I thought perhaps he had his fill of action for the night at the dinning room itself and wouldn't do anything so I went back to watching the movie.

After a while I looked back at Vijay and saw him staring at me. I faintly smiled back to which he too reciprocated. He got up and walked out of the living room to return back after a few minutes.

This time he sat to my left and moved close to me. I didn't mind his closeness and didn't move away at all. In fact I had been expecting this for sometime now. Vijay moved his arm behind me and placed it on my shoulders. He gently caressed my right arm and my shoulders. I sighed as I placed my head on his shoulder. He moved his right foot to my leg and started running it up and down along my left leg.

Vijay moved his arm over my shoulder and gently squeezed my right breast. At the same time he caressed by naked left thigh with his left hand. I sighed as my nipples hardened to his manual stimulation and a chill ran down my spine.

I looked up at him and smiled and he smiled back before lowering his face to kiss me. I closed my eyes as Vijay's lips met mine. Vijay kissed me deep, holding me tightly in his arms; the lingering kiss felt like an eternity.

"What about Vimal?" I asked Vijay as I broke the kiss and tried to move away from him. I wanted to do this but the last thing I wanted to do was to get caught by my aunt making out with my uncle.

"Don't worry about her..." Vijay calmly replied as he cupped my supple breasts from under my arms and gave them a soft squeeze.

I sighed and went back into Vijay's arms as he caressed my breasts over my shirt. Vijay and I both turned to the right so that my back was against his chest. He pulled me close to him and now he had absolute access to my breasts. His caressing got firmer and my sighing turned into gasping with each passing second.

In the moment of ecstasy, I tilted my head slightly to the right, exposing my delicate nape. Vijay kissed my nape tenderly, slowly kissing his way to my shoulder and then going back towards my ear. I gently tucked my hair behind my ear to allow him better access to my nape, ear and cheek.

Vijay got the signal and immediately took my earlobe in his mouth and sucked on it. He sucked and licked my earlobe and his breath against my ear drove me crazy.

Vijay then moved his lips to my left cheek and gently planted kisses on it. His right hand was caressing my neck and his left hand was on my stomach. He continued kissing me on the cheek, moving slightly forward with each kiss towards my lips. A slight turn of my head to the left was more than enough for our lips to meet and as soon as they did, a furious bout of kissing ensued.

Our lips and tongues clashed against each other as if it was a battle...a sexual battle of an eager to please novice against her experienced master. The kissing was so furious that the sound of the slurps and smooches resonated through out the living room, perhaps to rooms beyond but we were now beyond reason and care. All that mattered to me was the pleasure I wanted from my lustful uncle.

As we went on lustily exchanging saliva, Vijay squeezed my boobs really hard and I moaned with his mouth still covering my mouth. I immediately brought my hands down to the hem of my T shirt and pulled it above my breasts. Vijay immediately grabbed my breasts and began cupping and squeezing them; all the while kissing me with the same gusto as he had displayed a few moments ago.

As my beautifully enormous, flimsy bra encased breasts were being played with by my dear uncle, a thought came to my mind. Vijay uncle must have virtually seen my boobs grow. He had known me all my life, from being a mischievous toddler to a little primary school girl, from a pre teen to a young beautiful late teen. The most visible of physical changes in me from the pre teen years besides my height were my breasts; and right now he was squeezing them to his hearts content.

He had perhaps seen me in my birthday suit when I was a baby and now eighteen years later he saw me naked the other day and the way things were progressing right now, he was well on his way to see me naked again.

Even though I loved my boobs being squeezed over my bra, I was a tad bit uncomfortable, knowing, that I could feel his rough hands over the tender, gentle skin of my naked breasts. I wanted that! And the only hindrance was the bra.

To that effect, I moved my hands behind my back and under my shirt and held the bra hook, all the while being at the receiving end of a mind numbing kiss and an extremely arousing breast massage. The kissing and squeezing kept me busy and distracted enough, for me to fumble with my bra hooks. A couple of more attempts followed and I miserably failed. What a shame! I couldn't even unhook my own bra!

I gave up the effort, hoping Vijay would sooner or later unhook the bra. As I let go off the hook, my hands went down and stumbled upon his raging hard on. I grabbed his erect cock and gave it a light squeeze. Vijay broke the kiss and sighed as I continued fondling his cock; his erect cock which I could prominently feel in spite of being under layers of clothing.

Our kiss had been broken for the fist time since the whole episode started. We were gasping, trying to catch our breath; only staring at each other. A few light kisses followed as we took a break from a hectic session of foreplay. In the meanwhile, Vijay continued squeezing my breasts, albeit gently and I too was lightly caressing his cock.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/dirty-little-secret-ch-02-2?page=2

As our breathing normalized, I let go off his cock and went back to unhook the bra. Vijay noticed it and within a second I felt his fingers under the under wire of my bra and the second after that, he pulled the bra up and over my breasts. My boobs jiggled like jelly as the bra was yanked of them.

I was a little shocked at this sudden action and looked at Vijay with surprise. Vijay kept looking at me as he cupped my 'liberated' breasts in his large hands and gave them a gentle squeeze.

"Why work hard...when you can work smart?" Vijay said referring to my efforts at unhooking my own bra and his simple solution of just pulling it over.

"Hehehe....indeed..." I giggled and replied before placing my left hand behind his head and pulling him for a kiss. The break ended as Vijay and I went back to kissing just as furiously as we did a couple of minutes ago.

My T shirt was almost at my neck below which was my bra and below which Vijay was now twisting my nipples with his thumb and index finger and above, my mouth was still glued to his as I moaned and shivered at his manipulation.

After a few more moments, Vijay broke the kiss, let go off my breasts (temporarily) and pushed me forward. He moved my hair from my back over my right shoulder and unhooked the bra.

As I heard the snip of the hook, I straightened up where as Vijay moved the straps of the bra off my shoulder before I took my hands out of them and the bra was off. Vijay threw the bra on the floor before he helped me out of my T shirt as well, which joined my bra on the floor.

I was now completely top less in front of my uncle. I then moved such that my back was resting against the couch and Vijay adjusted himself accordingly next to me.

Vijay again kissed me but this time it wasn't a long kiss, rather it was just a formality as Vijay wanted to put his mouth to a better use elsewhere. He grabbed my right tit with his left hand and bent forward such that his mouth was right above the nipple.

I could feel his warm breath on my nipple and I gently placed my left hand behind his head. Vijay licked my nipple with the tip of his tongue a couple of times before clamping his mouth over it. I closed my eyes, threw my head back and sighed as I felt my nipple being sucked into his mouth. I grabbed the hair at the back of his head signaling him not to stop and to suck harder.

Vijay sucked my breast hard, making slurping noises as he feasted on his young niece's flesh. He momentarily stopped sucking and cupped my breast tightly in his left hand making the puffed up nipple protrude a little before holding it between his teeth and pulling it lightly.

"Ahhh..." I moaned, this time with no mouth to muffle my moan, perhaps I had moaned too loudly or perhaps the sound the TV had silenced out my moan. I was beyond worry as Vijay had told me to. Vijay stopped biting my nipple and went back to sucking and tonguing my nipple, occasionally licking the breast and at times moving down to lick the underside of my drop shaped boob.

The sexual action that I had witnessed all this while had got my pussy super wet and I could sense a massive orgasm approaching. As Vijay continued his oral attack on my helpless boob, it was just moments later that the orgasmic vaginal contractions began. I pulled a couch pillow lying nearby and pushed it against my mouth as the orgasm hit me.

Vijay in the meanwhile did not stop sucking my breast. He managed to keep his mouth latched to my nipple even as my body bucked and shuddered from the orgasm. Vijay tightly held my body against the couch to control my violent shaking and the pillow kept my screams at a manageable volume.

I don't know how long it took me to come down from the orgasmic summit but when I did I found Vijay still sucking on my breast. This orgasm was definitely the biggest one I ever had, even bigger than the ones that I had with Vijay the other day. I pulled him up and kissed him hard. The passionate kiss was a thank you gesture to Vijay for the wonderful orgasmic experience he had just given me. After the kiss ended, Vijay went back to my right breast and continued sucking it.

My right breast was the center of attention of Vijay's mouth; I wanted him to share his oral expertise with my left breast as well. I pulled him off my right breast and brought his mouth over my left breast.

My left tit was meted out the same treatment. Vijay sucked, bit and licked the nipple, areola and the breast. I just kept watching him, encouraging him with my hand behind his head, placing light kisses on his head, adoring and responding to his lustful and vulgar behavior with moan and sighs of pleasure.

After spending a long time on my left breast, Vijay placed his mouth between my breasts and cupped them together. Now his mouth was in the 'valley' of my boobs. He vigorously moved his head up and down and sideways. This childish behavior from my 'oh so mature' uncle made me giggle. Vijay was kind of a man-boy who was obsessed with my breasts.

After a while Vijay started kissing his way down my body, placing puppy kisses all the way before settling down at my navel. He inserted his tongue inside my deep navel and licked it a couple of times before placing kisses all over my stomach.

Vijay got off the couch and kneeled in front of me. He held my right leg in his right palm and let his left hand roam along the length of my leg. His hand roamed delicately along my calf to the back of my knee, leaving behind a ticklish feeling.

Vijay raised my foot a little before lowering his head to pop my toe into his mouth. Even though this was strange to me, it was incredibly pleasurable. I moaned as Vijay sucked and nibbled on my toe, at the same time gently rubbing my leg. I had no clue that my feet were also an erogenous area of my body and was thoroughly enjoying his actions.

Vijay took my toe out of his mouth and spread my legs. He now pulled me to the edge of the couch and kneeled between my legs. He placed the palm of his right hand on my crotch and caressed it gently for a few times before grabbing the elastic of my shorts.

"No you cannot..." I said as I held his hand, stopping him from going any further. Vijay was surprised. The way things had been going, my opposition was out of the blue.

"Why...What happened?" Vijay asked sounding very surprised.

"You cannot do that...unless you kiss me." I said with a devilish grin.

The surprise of Vijay's face gave way to a lecherous smile as he lunged forward to kiss me. I swung my arms around him and embraced him as our mouths met to kiss. As he sprang forward to kiss me, his hard cock rubbed against my clit. I moaned as it happened and Vijay immediately noticed it.

He started rocking back and forth, rubbing his tool against my pussy. I broke the kiss, closed my eyes and threw my head back. Vijay nuzzled my neck as he rocked back and forth slowly but firmly against my erect clit. If dry humping felt this good then how; the how good will the real thing be? I wondered as my gaping mouth gave out low moans of pleasure.

The dry humping went on for a few more seconds before Vijay stopped and firmly cupped my boobs making me gasp. His lips were just an inch away from mine as we stared at each other. His eyes were red with lust and his breathing was heavy but calm. He continued staring at me, my boobs still cupped firmly into his hands, waiting for me to respond.

"Now you can go ahead..." I whispered.

Vijay gave a devilish smile before moving back and placed his hands at my hips, under the elastic of my shorts and pulled on them. I, too raised my ass, dug my thumbs into the back of my shorts and pushed them forward, helping Vijay get me completely naked.

Vijay pulled down my shorts off my feet. I now had nothing but a flower patterned white panty with a dark, wet spot at the middle indicating the state of my arousal. My ass was still raised off the couch and Vijay placed his hands on my butt and dug his fingers into my panty and started pulling them down.

As the panty receded down my ass, the soft tufts of curly hair above my pussy peeked out which further gave way for my pussy to reveal itself. As my pussy came into view, Vijay yanked on my panty forcing it down my knees. I quickly pulled my right leg out of it and spread it out.

Vijay pulled the panty down to my left foot but neither he nor I bothered to yank it off completely. Vijay ran his hands over my pussy, running them through the thick, curly pussy hair. We were staring and smiling at each other as Vijay kept playing with my bush.

I placed my legs on his shoulders and locked my feet behind his head and gently nudged his head towards my pussy. Vijay moved his head forward with the gently push of my feet and it wasn't long before his nose as pushed against my wet pussy. I heard Vijay take a deep breath, inhaling my musky womanly scent before flicking my clit with his tongue.

I jerked as he did that, which was followed by another violent jerk when Vijay started sucking on my clit. I cooed as Vijay began devouring my pussy. I locked my feet around his head, locking him in the confines of my pussy triangle. Vijay moaned in delight at this maneuver and licked my pussy even more vigorously.

I ran my hands through his hair before pushing him deeper inside my pussy. As I did that I felt Vijay's tongue enter my vagina. I moaned, this time a little louder as his tongue fucked my pussy. This was the first time I felt a tongue on my pussy and what a feeling it was!

How does a girl behave when having sex for the first or second time? She is shy, blushes all the time, is reluctant to open up & is very awkward in bed? Well...I was the bang opposite. I let him take off my clothes without even a shred of reluctance, I let Vijay put his mouth and hands anywhere and everywhere he wanted without stopping him, whether it was on my lips, my breasts and now my pussy, I had welcomed his every move and was feeling absolutely comfortable, as if I had been doing this with him for ages. This was with my Uncle for God's sake, in his house with his wife in the next room!

Vijay also hadn't shown a shred of awkwardness the whole while and was now sitting with his head clamped between his baby niece's legs, devouring her pussy like a hungry lion licking the meat off his dead prey.

I was massively turned on by his acts and the ambience added to the effect. It was a dark room, illuminated by only the light emanating from the large flat screen television hanging on the wall, a middle aged handsome man sitting on the floor, his head buried between her legs, licking his beautiful, busy niece's pussy as she sighed and cooed and slithered on the large, soft velvet couch.

Vijay looked up at me even as his mouth was still latched to my pussy and his tongue rapidly snaking in and out of my hole. His eyes were full of raw animalistic urge, a look that I hadn't seen all these years, not even the last time I was with him in a similar situation.

Vijay suddenly grabbed my knees and pushed them up against me, almost touching my shoulders and rubbing against my breasts. In this position, my chocolate brown asshole came in to view and Vijay wasted no time in putting his tongue on it.

"Aaaiieeee...." I moaned as I felt jolts of pleasure running up my spine and pulsating through the rest of my body. I could feel the nerve endings throbbing and pulsating at Vijay's oral stimulation. I grabbed the couch cushions tightly as the rimming got intense. Vijay's tongue moved rapidly in circles on my asshole making me gasp and pant heavily.

The rimming got my arousal up a notch and I was fast moving towards an orgasm. My body started shaking in anticipation of yet another brain scrambling orgasm but then Vijay immediately stopped and pulled back.

"No...No...No..." I moaned as my hands desperately tried to pull him back but with no use. Vijay moved back and as he did, so did my impeding orgasm. I stretch my legs back to floor, still spread with Vijay between them.

"Please Vijay....please get back..." I pleaded, my voice clearly indicating my desperation.

"You liked it?" He asked a seemingly stupid question but it was his way of teasing me.

"Yesss...I didn't want you to stop...please do it again...please..." I pleaded my Uncle to go down on me again. The tone of my voice and the manner of speaking was like that of kid asking for his toy back.

Instead of replying in words, Vijay replied in action by placing my legs on his shoulders and going down on me. As I arched my back, my ass rose up off the couch. Vijay immediately grabbed my ass and started squeezing it. My buns were now resting on his palms as his tongue drove deeper into my pussy.

"Yeahh...Yesss...Uncle...that's it Uncle...keep going Uncle..." I moaned, staring at Vijay.

Vijay immediately looked up at me. I had rarely used the word 'Uncle' to address Vijay since my early teenage and now the sudden use of the word and the extra emphasis on it wasn't something either of us were going to miss.

The word 'Uncle' was the definition of our relationship. I was the niece and he was my Uncle. The relationship, in the world's view was just below that of a father and his daughter. But our carnal desires had altered the sanctity of our relationship. In that moment of ecstasy and lust we were just a man and woman pleasing each other. We had fallen prey to the sexual devils within us who had manifested and compelled us to do something so taboo, so wrong but so pleasurable.

As I moaned the word again and again, Vijay's tongue went into overdrive. He grabbed my boobs and squeezed them hard before twisting my nipples between his fingers. I pulled his hand and shoved two of his thick, rough fingers into my mouth and started to suck on them.

I moaned and shuddered as the orgasmic volcano rose. Our mutual staring continued as I rapidly thrust his fingers down my throat and Vijay thrust his tongue into my vagina.

"Mmmmm....mmmm....Ummmmmpphhhhhfff..." I moaned with Vijay's fingers still in my mouth. I arched my back and my eyes rolled back as the second massive orgasm for the night hit me.

Vijay immediately stopped and moved away from my pussy as I shook and shivered like a fish out of the water. It took me a long time to recover and even after regaining my composure, I was still shivering like I had been electrocuted.

I saw Vijay still sitting near my legs, smiling at me. I smiled back at him awkwardly and Vijay burst into laughter. I too joined him in laughter but rather embarrassingly. I pulled the panties hanging on my left foot and threw them away. I was now technically naked with absolutely no cloth over me.

Vijay stood up and pulled his T shirt over his head and threw it on the floor, revealing his muscular chest. He took a couple of steps forward, standing at the edge of the couch, in front of me.

I was resting against the couch but immediately sat up as Vijay stood in front of me. I knew what he wanted and did so by digging my fingers into the elastic band of his shorts and started tugging down. I had dug my fingers deep enough to grab his shorts and his underwear at the same time.

I slowly pulled his shorts down and after going down a few inches; his giant cock sprang out, hitting my chin. I giggled and immediately pulled back a little before pushing his shorts down his legs. Vijay got out of them and stood there naked in all glory.

I kept staring at hi dick in amazement and surprise. I was still in awe of his cock as if I had seen it the first time. Even though it had slid down my throat and throbbed in my hand almost a week ago but it still felt like the first time. I gingerly moved my fingers along the shaft and over the curve of its head. My right hand gently cupped his massive balls and fondled them. Vijay smiled, a smile of satisfaction, at the fact that his niece was playing with his cock. I wrapped my fingers around his cock and gently pulled back the foreskin of the head of the cock; the shiny, wet purple cock head came into view. I remembered the last time when I saw it; how it felt in my mouth and shivered. I want it again! I want to suck it, taste it and worship it!

No further encouragement from Vijay was required as I opened my mouth wide to accommodate his massive cock. Just as my mouth was about to engulf the cock, I saw some movement in the corner of the room. My heart raced expecting the worst and it almost came up to my throat when it became clear who it was.

It was Aunt Vimal!

To be continued...
