the-new-car-ch-01

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-01

"Ah...Ahh... don't open your eyes Aditi." Arjun said as he guided me through the door of our house to the parking.

A few minutes ago, Arjun, my husband had sneaked into our house and closed his palms on my eyes from behind. Startled, I was about to scream when I recognized his voice. He said it that he had bought a surprise gift for me. I knew what the gift was. I had not been hinting him to buy it for me like a normal woman does; I had out rightly demanded it.

As we slowly walked into the parking, my heart beat faster, my mind was racing with all the thoughts of the gift that he had bought me. After a few steps, we stopped. He gently lifted his palms off my eyes and asked me to open them. I immediately opened them and my excitement died on the spot, as if run over by a speeding truck.

Stood in front of me was a 'Maruti Esteem'. A car that had been taken off the production lines years ago. It was the 'luxury sedan' of a bygone era, a time when India had just opened its economy to the world. The only other cars available were Fiat 1100 and Ambassador.

My hopes for a brand new contemporary luxury sedan were dashed the moment I saw this. The anticipation and excitement that my husband built by walking me over to this abomination blindfolded drowned the moment I opened my eyes.

I looked at my husband, he was looking at the car as if he had himself had designed and built it. I could see the pride on his face. As soon as he turned to see me, the smile of his face was wiped clean. What he saw was an angry wife, pissed off at the fact that in spite of her demands for a new car he had dared to get a used one, that too a car which in a few years would be a collector's item.

"What?" he asked with genuine surprise.

"You know what Arjun. This is not what I asked for." I said.

"Why?? What is wrong with this car? It is a good car. Good power, decent mileage and I got it for a bargain. I always wanted to buy this when I was in college." He said as he smiled at me.

"Then why don't you use it and I will use your car? You know I had set my eyes on the Fiat Linea." I said.

"I know that Aditi, but it has just been six months since you started taking driving lessons and a couple of weeks since you have started driving alone. And in these six months I have seen how you drive. You have bumped my car a couple of times." Arjun spelled out his argument in clear terms.

That statement just kind of ended the argument. Since I had started driving, I had stalled the car on very busy traffic junctions a couple of times, cracked the rear bumper while trying to reverse, left behind a long scratch which was easily visible on a pearl white car while trying to squeeze past a concrete pillar and I had also almost run over a guy trying to cross the street.

"At all times I was there to help you out of the mess that you made by driving my car but now you will have to drive around on your own. I am not going to risk you driving a brand new, million rupee car into a wall or a street lamp." he said as he made the last sprint towards the finish line of the argument race and won it.

I just stood there with a grumpy face, listening to his valid arguments. He was right, I still was getting a hand of driving and it would certainly be a heart ache to see an expensive card destroyed so soon.

"I bought this car as a practice car for you sweetheart. You drive it around for a year or more and once you drive perfectly I will buy you a car which is way beyond your choice." He said as he pulled me into an embrace.

"You know I am a man of my word. Ek baar jo maine commitment kar di...uske baad to mein apne aap ki bhi nahi sunta." He said using a tacky movie dialogue to cheer me up. I giggled at that remark. Arjun's silly humor always worked on me even after so many years of being together.

Arjun and I have been married for 5 years. We were in the same college campus but not in the same stream. He was into finance and I was into designing. We met thorough a common friend of ours and slowly became friends. After a year of just being friends, Arjun asked me out and I said yes and we started dating.

We continued our relationship even after passing out of college. Even though we were from completely different fields, contrasting work cultures and timings, we managed to keep our bond strong. Arjun became a banker and I started working in an interior designing firm.

After a courtship of three years, Arjun proposed and I gladly accepted. After declaring this to our respective families who had no problems about us getting married, we were married. Our first years were as they are for any newly married couple with a lot of dreams, ambitions and love. Even though we had been dating for years, being officially married kind of ignited a spark in our life. It was as if we had just started dating. We had re-discovered our love for each other and were living our married life as love struck bunnies.

I being a Sagittarian and Arjun being an Arian, our match was made in heaven. Even though we loved and respected each other deeply; there always existed this healthy competition between us. This competition helped us build a successful life. Arjun had rapidly climbed the corporate ladder and had been recently been promoted to the Assistant General Manager in his bank and I after mastering the craft of interior designing had started my own practice a couple of years ago.

We were now financially well off and so we purchased a row house in an upcoming neighborhood of our city and settled down. My business was going pretty well and I now had several contracts all over the city. I used to travel to work on a scooter that I had purchased a couple of years ago but it was really tiring to ride all over the city in the traffic and the pollution and my dust allergies just didn't help.

So almost a year ago, Arjun suggested that I learn to drive and then we would buy a new car. And so here we were, my 'new car' was standing right in front of me.

"C'mon dear, check out your car" Arjun said as he held my hand and walked towards the car. He handed the keys over to me and asked to get into the drivers seat.

As I stood close to the car, I noticed that the color and shine had not faded a lot as it would have for a used car. Once we got into the car, I noticed the interiors were nicely made up with leather seat covers, a decent stereo and through the rear view mirror, I noticed a white soft toy teddy bear at the back of the car.

"Did that come with the car?" I asked Arjun.

"What do you think?" he replied with a smile. I bent over to kiss him.

After the tender kiss, I started the car and we drove over to a nearby coffee house where we spent an hour before we started driving back. On the way back, I switched on the air conditioner and it worked well for a few minutes, before I noticed the temperature of the engine was rising and the AC wasn't working properly. We made it back to our house and Arjun said that he will call a mechanic tomorrow.

The rest of the evening went normally and after dinner we resigned to our bedroom. I changed into a T shirt and a pair of shorts and got into our bed and snuggled up to him. It was my signal to let him know that I was in the mood. Arjun read it correctly and soon we were making out.

Soon we were out of our clothes and I was down and sucking his cock. He gently ran his fingers through my hair as I licked his shaft downwards before suckling on his balls. After a few minutes of sucking his cock, I went up to him and straddled him. I gently held his cock and inserted into my pussy and started rocking back and forth.

What followed were several pleasure filled minutes before Arjun and I climaxed. We soon drifted to sleep in each others arms. Sex with my husband was never a problem. During the early days of our marriage, we were humping like bunnies but with time the frequency had reduced but the passion hadn't. Now we were having sex 3 times a week but it was still as passionate as it was 5 years ago.

The next morning, we got up late as it was a Saturday. While we were having breakfast, I reminded Arjun of the AC problem with the car. He said that he was going to call a mechanic he knew who had a garage near by. After breakfast he took his cell phone and dialed a number. He talked to the mechanic and it was agreed that he would come around noon to check out the car.

After doing our morning chores, Arjun was watching TV and I got busy with my work. Around noon, the doorbell rang. Arjun was lazing on the couch and was in no mood to walk over to the door and open it so I had to get up open it.

As I opened the door, I saw a tall, muscular man in a worn out jumpsuit and a tool case standing in front of me. I was a little surprised looking at him as I had forgotten about the mechanic.

"Yes?" I asked.

"Madam...I am Gurnam...the mechanic...Arjun saab called me in the morning to see the car." He said calmly.

"Aah...Gurnam...come in come in." Arjun said as he came to the door.

Gurnam entered the living room and I offered him a glass of water. From his name I though he was Punjabi and from his appearance he surely looked from that part of the country. He was taller than Arjun who himself stands at a handsome 6 feet so Gurnam must have been atleast 6 feet 3 inches tall. He had a square face with high cheek bones. He had a thick patch of jet black hair on his hair and thick stubble on his face.

He was wearing a sky blue colored jumpsuit which had been used for several years. It had oil and grease stains on it. Gurnam skin was tanned and genetically being a Punjabi, he had a muscular frame and his profession helped him maintain his physique.

After a few minutes of talking, both men stood up and started walking out of the house towards the parking and I followed them. My husband went back into the house to fetch the car keys while I and Gurnam stood in silence. I was looking at the car when I noticed Gurnam was staring at me or rather my thighs. I was wearing a denim short and T shirt which I hadn't bothered to change in spite of the fact that a stranger was in my house and was blatantly staring at my legs.

I looked at him sternly but that did not deter Gurnam as he continued checking me out. I felt awkward and preferred to look the other way. Seconds later Arjun returned with the keys and handed them over to Gurnam who had by then started behaving as if nothing had happened. Gurnam opened the bonnet of the car and checked something and after a minute stood up.

Then he and my husband started talking all engine stuff, half of which I did not understand. The only thing I understood that the AC compressor was not working properly and also the gas had also run out.

"Why don't you take the car over to your garage and get all the problems worked out?" Arjun asked.

"I cannot saab. I have already closed my garage for the day as I have to attend a function and also, I have to get the gas and spare parts required for the repair which won't be available till Monday. Why don't you drop the car at my garage on Monday and I will fix it up. Till then don't switch on the AC." Gurnam replied.

My husband agreed without asking me and it was settled. Gurnam walked out of the gate and I and Arjun walked back into the house.

"I won't be able to drop the car at his garage on Monday. I have a quarterly review coming this week and I will be leaving early. You will have to take the car there." Arjun said as he went back to watching TV.

I wasn't very enthusiastic about the going to the garage of a man who was a few minutes ago staring at my legs as if he had never seen a woman before. I wanted to tell this to Arjun but I let it go and thought that Gurnam was a half educated brute for whom such behavior was normal. I left it at that and went back to work.

The weekend passed by quickly and on Monday morning Arjun joined me at the dinning table for breakfast. After a hurried breakfast he wore his suite and was about to leave before he reminded me to take the car to the garage. I just nodded and he gave me a kiss and left.

The memories of the other day were still fresh and I wanted to avoid going to the garage but with summer approaching, driving a car without an AC was something I wasn't looking forward to. So I had not choice but to go there.

I finished my chores and sorted out the day's schedule. I wore a faded jeans and a yellow colored top. I took my hand bag and the keys to the car and the house and headed out to the parking. It was almost noon and the car had become really hot after being in the sun. I broke a sweat the moment I got into the car and it was just clear to me. I had to get this AC fixed!

Arjun had told me where Gurnam's garage was. It was three kilometers to the east of my neighborhood. As I approached the area, I slowed down and started looking around for his garage. Along the way I realized that this part of the town was still undeveloped. There were a couple of buildings which were complete and a few under construction building scattered around.

As I turned towards the last lane of the neighborhood, I saw the board of his garage. I slowly drove towards it and as I approached I could read the hoarding clearly. It said 'Gurnam Da Garage'. The name just confirmed that he was a Punjabi.

The garage was pretty big and stood over a large plot of land. It was not a concrete structure, it was just brick walls with worn out white plaster with tin roofs over them. I took a right turn into the garage and saw a large rust gathering gate which lead into the garage. I slowly drove in and I saw a few cars parked around.

I stopped my car and got out of it and started walking towards the interior of the garage. As I walked inside I saw several broken down, mangled cars or at least what was left of them. There were a couple of men who were working on them and they were oblivious to the fact that a beautiful young woman was walking towards them.

I saw a teenage boy sitting on a tiny stool, cleaning the engine parts with what looked like petrol. He must have been no more than twenty years old. The garage was filled with sounds of hammering and sheet cutters and all the clanky noises that one hears in every garage.

"Where is Gurnam?" I asked the boy as I walked over to him.

The boy looked up at me and for a few seconds just started at me. He just sat still staring at me as if we were playing the game of statue. I again asked him where is Gurnam. Without uttering a word, he pointed in a direction.

I walked in the direction that the boy had pointed and I soon was in a big shed which had a few more cars in it but the cars here were very different. These were the cars which were being dented and were waiting for the paint job. There were several car doors and bonnets sheets resting on the wall of the shed. This place was like a garage within a garage within a garage.

I was looking for someone who could tell me where Gurnam was or perhaps better, take me to him. As I looked around, I saw a man standing in one corner of the shed. His back was facing me and it seemed that he was working on something. As I neared him I saw that he had a gas cutter in his hand and he was wearing the protective mask and was working on some metal sheets. I slowly walked towards him and stood a few feet away from him.

"Can you please tell me where Gurnam is?" I asked as I sounded clearly agitated.

The man stopped working, switched off the gas cutter, put it down and turned around to face me. With his protective mask on, the man looked somewhat like a 60's era movie robot. The man was wearing a wife beater which stuck to his body from all the sweat and below he was wearing faded blue jeans. The sweaty wife beater and his tanned skin left nothing for imagination and I could clearly see a muscular, chiseled body underneath. The man was tall and with the mask on he was looking scary.

He just kept staring at me through the mask, his chest heaving and sweat sliding down his large hairy chest. After a few seconds the man took off the mask and kept it on the table. It was Gurnam.

I was a little relieved seeing him considering

that I was walking around this maze like garage looking for him for the past several minutes, not that I was very enthusiastic about meeting him but he was the only familiar face in this unfamiliar place with unfamiliar faces. He smiled looking at me and I also responded with a smile which looked more like a formality.

"Namaste Aditi madam." Gurnam said as he stepped towards me.

"Namaste Gurnam. You had told my husband to drop the car here the other day. He couldn't come because he was busy at work so I brought the car." I said. The moment I said that my husband wasn't here, Gurnam stepped really close to me.

"Well...that is wonderful...I mean it's wonderful that your brought car here...it needs a lot of repairs." He said, staring down at me from just a foot away.

His comment surprised and confused me. Gurnam continued staring at me for a few seconds. His glare made me uncomfortable and I stepped away from him. That brought Gurnam back to his senses and he walked passed me. He picked a piece of cloth and started wiping his hands.

"Come with me...let's check out your car." He said as he started walking out of the shed.

I just followed him and in half a minute we were standing next to my car. He took the keys from me and we sat in the car. He started the car and drove it through a tiny lane which went around the garage to the other side of the plot. He parked the car and we got out of the car. He opened the bonnet of the car and peeped inside.

"At your place the other day, I had shown Arjun sir all the problems with his car. Arjun sir told me that he bought this car for you but you didn't see what was wrong with your car...let me show you." He said as he stood up for a while.

I nodded and walked over to the bonnet and peeped inside. He pointed me toward something inside and started talking about it. I wasn't sure which part he was talking about and tried really hard to figure out what he was talking about. After a few seconds, I realized that Gurnam had stopped talking. I looked at him and I saw that he was looking at my cleavage which was clearly showing as I was slightly bent over as I tried to look at the part that he was pointed at. The yellow top that I was wearing had a loose round neck and even if I bent slightly, one could clearly see my ample cleavage.

I stand 5 feet 6 inches tall which was almost a feet shorter to Gurnam and as he was standing close to me, his height advantage provided him a clear view of my cleavage. I think he might have also seen the white colored bra what I was wearing underneath the top.

As soon as he realized that I had caught him staring at me, Gurnam composed himself and got back to talking about the car. For the next few minutes he went on talking about the AC and its compressor, half of which I could barely process and the other half I just didn't care about.

"Madam...this car is pretty old and I can tell you for sure that AC isn't the only broken thing in this car. I will have to thoroughly go through this car before I take it to the workshop." He said.

"Hmm...alright." Was all I could say. He asked me to get into the car and start it. As I sat into the driver' seat and the ignition switch, Gurnam bent over the bonnet and started inspecting the engine. After a minute, Gurnam stood up and through the tiny space between the hood and the car, I saw something that made me gasp.

It was a massive bulge in his pants. His crotch was huge and I could clearly see the outline of his cock through his jeans. From its appearance from the outside, it looked really big and scary. His muscular thighs around the bulge made it look bigger.

I just stared at it and was lost in my own thoughts when I saw Gurnam. He had bent over and was looking at me through the gap and calling me. I came back to my sense and saw Gurnam walking over to me.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-01?page=2

"Aditi madam...what happened...did you see anything?" he asked with a smile which wasn't quite innocent.

'Well...I saw a lot of what you weren't talking about.' Was the first thought that came to my mind. He then asked me to start the headlights and asked me toggle the high and low beam a few times. After a few minutes of checking around the car, Gurnam finally asked to switch off the engine. I got out of the car and he led me to a room at the corner of the plot. The walls of the room were made from aluminum sheets which one can see in many offices across the country.

As I entered the room I realized that this was his 'office'. It had a large desk whose top was covered with a thick glass. There was a large office chair behind the table where Gurnam the 'boss' would sit and a couple of chairs at the opposite end of the table.

There was also a worn out couch in one corner of the room. There was a really old computer on the table which I could guarantee Gurnam never used. It was more a piece of furniture to make this make shift room look like an office.

The walls of the room were covered with posters of Cars, and copies of the permits that were to be mandatorily hung in the office. Against a wall of the office, stood a large steel book shelf which contained manuals to repairing different cars.

There was an old rusty table fan near the table which Gurnam turned on as we both sat at the opposite end of the table. Gurnam then scribbled something on a piece of paper before handing it over to me. As I glanced through it I realized that it was the quotation.

"Madam...the car needs a lot of repairs and it will take a couple of days to get it fixed. Please forgive me for this trouble but if you want a maintenance free car then let me have a couple days to work on it." he said.

"That is alright Gurnam but make sure that it is completely fixed and the bill is not too high." I said as I got up and Gurnam followed me outside.

We walked over to the entrance of the garage and Gurnam ordered on of his employees to get a car. The car was in front of us in a minute and soon Gurnam was driving me to my house.

A few minutes later Gurnam stopped the car right in front of my house. I forwarded my hand for a handshake as it is required in good etiquette.

Gurnam extended his hand and held my hand and shook it for a while. His grip over my hand was tight and I didn't mind till a few shakes before it got a little uncomfortable. I looked at him and saw him staring at me. The way he was looking at me wasn't normal. It wasn't gentleman like, it was animalistic.

"Gurnam...enough!" I said but he ignored me.

I tried to pull away a couple of times but he did not relent. Finally I pulled my hand away with force and only then did Gurnam let got of my hand. I immediately got out of the car without speaking a word and walked straight into my house. Gurnam left after he saw me open the latch of the main door and shut it behind me as I entered.

I walked straight into my bedroom and sat on the bed thinking what the hell had happened in the past one hour. It wasn't surprising catching Gurnam checking me out, it was kind of expected but what was with the hand holding? And most surprising of all, why the hell was I staring at his crotch back there!!

I got up and went to the bathroom to freshen up. I got busy making a hot cup of tea for myself, trying to block out all the thoughts of the incident back at the garage. I sat down at the dinning table with the tea and switched on my laptop. I thought that perhaps working on my new project would keep me in peace.

It did work for a while before the thoughts creped back into my head. I was again thinking of Gurnam and trying to decipher what really happened back there. I had just met Gurnam for the second time and he had the balls to so blatantly hold my hand?

I remembered the lecherous look in his eyes as he tried to peep into my top. He had also stared at my legs when he came home the other day. I was sure that his intentions weren't good.

'Should I tell Arjun?' I thought, contemplating the consequences. The consequences would not be pleasant. Arjun was a hot head and I knew that once he came to know he would go over to Gurnam and fight with him. What good would it do? It wasn't as if Gurnam had tried to molest me?

Besides the hand grabbing thing, Gurnam had done what almost all men do; stare at a woman's cleavage whenever there is a chance.

'Gurnam isn't the only one to be blamed. I was also staring at his crotch.' I thought.

I had also chanced upon the scene when Gurnam was inspecting the engine and instead of averting my eyes, I shamelessly started at his crotch. The shame and guilt soon wore off when I remembered the long stare at his crotch.

'Was he really that big or had he become hard looking at me? If he was hard then man...he must have a hog underneath or was it normal and if he wasn't hard, then what would it be like when he was hard?' I thought as I just stared at the laptop screen.

My chain of thoughts was broken and I again tried to focus on my work. I tried really hard for a few minutes before I shut down my laptop and started walked into my bedroom. As I walked over to my bed, I passed by the large mirror on the closet. I stopped and took a few steps back to stand right in the front of the mirror.

"Hmmm...no wonder he was staring at you Aditi" I murmured and walked right over to the bed. The afternoon had been pretty hard on me and the thoughts were troubling me so I just decided to take a nap and let things cool off.

---------------

I hadn't heard from Gurnam for a last couple of days. He had said that he would call me or Arjun once he was ready with the car. As he mentioned, the car really needed a lot of work, so he was taking his time to fix it. I didn't bother to call him and neither did Arjun.

The Gurnam incident was a past and I didn't bother Arjun at this time of the year. It was the last quarter of the year and Arjun, being a banker was super busy. He would leave for work early in the morning and would usually return late in the evenings and at times around midnight. I was aware of his heavy workload during this time of the year so I didn't bother him.

One late Sunday morning while we were having breakfast, Arjun asked me, "Sweetheart...have you heard back from Gurnam. It's been almost a week since you left the car at his garage?"

"No...in fact, I too was wondering why he was taking so long to fix the AC and a few minor parts of the car. I think you should call him and ask him." I replied as I munched on the cereal.

"Yeah...I'll call him right now...it's almost 10.30am, he must have opened up." He said. I just nodded and continued eating the cereal. Arjun picked up his cell and dialed Gurnam's number. After a few seconds, Arjun started talking with him.

"Hello...Gurnam...this is Arjun Sharma. Yeah...I am fine...how are you? Is the car ready? It's been almost a week since you have it." Arjun asked Gurnam. For the next minute, Arjun just kept the phone to his ear and listened to Gurnam, occasionally nodding his head and saying yes a couple of times. A few seconds later, Arjun gave me thumbs up. I smiled, thinking that the car was ready and I would finally get to drive it around the city.

"Yeah...alright...we'll come around 3pm to pick it up...okay bye." Arjun said as he disconnected the call.

"So....is it ready?" I asked.

"Yeah...we'll go there after lunch and pick it up. Happy?" Arjun replied with a smile.

"Very much!" I smiled back at him.

Being a Sunday, I wasn't really interested in doing the chores, so I joined Arjun in the living room to watch TV. We watched a hindi movie playing on a channel for an hour before Arjun's cell rang. Arjun picked it up and raced towards the bedroom as soon as he so the name of the caller. I knew it was from work so didn't bother. After 15 minutes, Arjun returned and sat beside me.

"Adu...I have to attend this urgent meeting right now. A major client that we have been chasing for over a year has finally agreed for a meeting." He said. I just looked at him surprised and a little angry.

"Arjun...we have hardly spent time together in a month and now you are leaving again. You've been working overtime; at least relax for a day. And who is going to pick up the car?" I said.

"I am so sorry honey...but it's urgent...the West Zone Head has flown in personally to meet this client. I have to be there...and why don't you go and take the car. Gurnam said he will keep it ready by 3 pm. All you have to do is go there, pay the bill and bring it back." Arjun said trying to calm me down.

"Pcch...Okay...alright...go to your meeting if it's so important for you...but you better make it up for it." I said.

"Ohh...don't worry about the making up part...consider it done." Arjun replied.

Saying that, he got up and walked to the bedroom. I continued watching TV and half an hour later, Arjun was ready to leave. I walked with him to the door and kissed him before he drove away. I knew the meeting was going to last the whole day and with no one in the house, I had no intention of getting bored to death here.

I called up a friend of mine and we decided to meet in the afternoon. I did my chores, had a shower and cooked a small meal for myself before getting ready. I was going to pick up my car from the garage and drive it over to meet my friend. I wore a white top and a pair of blue jeans, wore a nice perfume, took my hand bag and walked out of the house.

From the corner of the street, I took a cab and told the driver where I wanted to go. In 15 minutes I was at the garage. As the cab stopped in front of the gate and I stepped out after paying the fare. The garage gate was slightly open, just enough for a person to walk in. I wondered whether the garage was closed but Gurnam had told Arjun to come.

I looked at my watch, it was 2.30pm. I had come a little before time but it wasn't a big deal. Gurnam said the car was ready and it wasn't going to take more than 20 minutes to take the delivery of the car. I slowly walked past the gate and into the front yard of the garage. I couldn't see anyone around. There was no sound of anyone talking or any tools being used.

I slowly walked in to the garage and looked around for any sign of movement. There was none. I then remembered that Gurnam's office was in the backyard of the garage and so, I walked through the narrow lane around the garage to the backyard.

As I walked into the back yard, I saw my car standing. It did look ready. It had been washed and polished and did look much better than when I saw it for the first time. I smiled looking at the car but still looked around for Gurnam or at least someone who could settle the bill and give me my car back.

I saw Gurnam's office at the far end of the backyard and slowly started walking towards it. As I got closer to the office, I saw that the door of the office was closed. Perhaps Gurnam had left and forgot to remind us or perhaps he did call Arjun but Arjun forgot to inform me.

I took out my cell phone and soon I realized that I had never bothered to save Gurnam's number in it. 'Heck! 'I thought to myself. With no one around, I couldn't just take the car away and I knew that keys to all the cars in the garage must be in Gurnam's office, including mine.

As I was about to turn back and leave, I heard a faint noise coming from the office. I turned back and tried to listen hard. I heard it again but couldn't clearly make out whom or what was making that noise. I slowly walked over to the office and placed my ear on the door of the office. Now the voice was a little clearer and it sounded like someone was moaning or perhaps crying.

I wanted to investigate further, so I walked around the office quietly to find a window and soon found one. I hid below the window and slowly raised my head, just enough to peep inside the office. The sight that I saw almost made me scream but I somehow managed to control myself and duck down. 'Was it really happening?' I thought. I again raised my head to peep and this time I continued watching.

Gurnam was standing in the middle of the room, buck naked and a woman was on her knees sucking his cock. Gurnam was holding her head and driving his cock into her mouth, where as the woman was just holding on to his thighs and taking his oral onslaught. I hadn't seen the woman the last time I was here and looking at her delicate frame, she definitely didn't work here.

The woman was dark skinned and slim. She had long black hair which ran down to her waist. She was wearing a couple of bangles on her left hand which made a clinging noise every time she moved. She was wearing an anklet on her left leg and her right leg was hidden from me. I saw Gurnam's jumpsuit, his wife beater and his briefs lying at his side whereas the woman's sari and her undergarments were lying in one corner of the room.

My eyes were soon focused on the woman's mouth as I watched in awe as Gurnam's cock went in and out of her mouth. Gurman was fucking her mouth roughly and I couldn't see his cock properly but I could definitely say it was huge! He held on to her head as he drove his cock in and out of her mouth really fast and the woman would gag after every couple of strokes.

Gurnam had closed his eyes and had thrown his head back and was panting as the woman sucked his cock. The woman also had her eyes closed and was clearly enjoying being treated so roughly by Gurnam. The scene in front of me was just too much to handle and I gently put my hand inside my pants and started flicking my clit.

Gurnam kept hammering the woman's mouth and the balls made a slapping sound as they slapped against her chin. The woman then took her right hand over to her pussy and started fingering herself. She was soon furiously fingering her pussy and sucking Gurnam's cock and her shivering body made it very clear that she was going to cum.

As her body shook violently, Gurnam let her go and she just collapsed on the ground, screaming in pleasure, still fingering her self. She just had an orgasm and that too a massive one. I just kept staring in shock as the woman kept arching her back and moaning, as if she was being electrocuted rather than cumming.

She shook and shivered like that for close to a minute before calming down. She took the fingers out of her pussy and put them into her mouth. As she lay still, my attention went back to Gurnam. He was standing a couple of feet away from the woman, stroking his cock and enjoying the view. Now I could see his cock properly for the first time. I was right! He was massive! Easily nine inches and it was thick. It was like he had a tree between his legs!

The cock head itself was large enough to tear apart a pussy and the shaft got thicker till the base. It stood absolutely straight like an arrow and his massive balls hung below it.

Gurnam was a perfect example of manhood. He was tall, dark and ruggedly handsome. His naked body was something that any woman would desire and any man would be envious of. He had a large muscular chest with thick chest hair over it, he had broad shoulder and his shoulder muscles went all the way to his neck. His arms were large and tight and his cuts would show with every move.

His forearm was large, as large as my calf and it looked even more impressive with the 'kadha' around his wrist which connected to a pair of freakishly large hands. His butt was tight and legs were thick and calves which would embarrass a professional athlete.

Now that I had seen him in his naked glory; I too deep inside desired Gurnam. He was definitely not the man I would even look at on the street but after watching the spectacle in front of me, it definitely left a tingle in my pussy.

Once the woman was done with her orgasm, she tried to get back on her feet but the sheer magnitude of the orgasm prevented her from standing up. Gurnam grabbed her arm and pulled her back on her feet and into his arms. He squeezed her boobs really hard, making her squeal. He lowered his head on to her right breast and started biting the nipple.

The woman closed her eyes and ran her hand through his hair and moaned loudly as she enjoyed being manhandled by this beast.

After a couple of minutes, Gurnam pushed the woman away and started walking over to the table. He opened a drawer and took out a condom.

In the meanwhile, the woman sat on the couch and spread her legs wide, waiting eagerly for her lover. Gurnam walked over to her and stood by the couch. He tore open the condom pack and quickly wore the condom over his cock. He kneeled down at the edge of the couch and pulled her closer to the edge. His cock was now touching her pussy and he rubbed it a couple of times on the pussy before shoving it in one stroke.

The woman screamed as Gurnam's cock was buried to the hilt inside her. Gurnam didn't wait for her pussy to get adjusted to his cock and straight away started pounding her pussy. The woman's screams soon turned into moans of pleasure as Gurnam kept pummeling her pussy. He held on to her waist and kept fucking her hard.

He kept fucking her for several minutes, occasionally squeezing her breasts and bending over to suck and bite them. After a while he stood up and placed his left knee on the couch and shoved his cock back into her pussy and resumed fucking her.

In the mean time I had an orgasm and another one was fast approaching. My fingers were driving in and out of my pussy really fast. I closed my eyes and bit my lip hard, trying to prevent myself from screaming. A few seconds later, the orgasm hit me. My legs went numb and I just collapsed on the floor.

I opened my eyes after the orgasm was over and again raised my head over the window. By now the woman was sitting up on the couch and was back to sucking Gurnam's cock. After a few seconds Gurnam moaned loudly and started spraying his seed all over the woman' face. Within seconds her face was covered with cum and a few strands landed on her hair.

Once he was done cumming, Gurnam just sat on the couch catching his breath while the woman had almost passed out. Gurnam's cock was rapidly loosing erection but it still was pretty large. It was shining from all the saliva and cum and it looked magnificent.

A few minutes later Gurnam got up and walked over the table. He threw a towel lying on the table towards the woman the then opened the drawer. He grabbed his wallet and took out a couple of 500 rupee notes and threw them at the woman.

The woman collected the money and then walked over to collect her clothes. Gurnam by then started dressing up and I realized that it was time to scoot from here. I tip toed around the office and then gathered pace as I walked away from the office. As I was about to turn around the corner, my hand hit something and it fell to the floor making a loud noise. The empty and open garage amplified the sound and startled me.

I stopped and looked down and saw that a large spanner and fallen on the floor. I looked up and I saw Gurnam standing at the door of his office, only in his trousers. Our eyes locked for a few seconds and Gurnam smiled at me wickedly. His smile clearly told me that he knew I had seen him action back there.

I immediately turned back and started running. Within seconds I was out of the compound and on to the street. I managed to stop a cab outside the garage and got in quick. As the cab started moving, I saw Gurnam standing at the gate, staring at me!

As soon as the cab stopped in front of my house, I threw some cash at the driver and almost jumped out of the cab and ran towards the door.

"Arey...Madam....you forgot the change." The driver shouted at me but I was beyond caring.

I hurriedly got into the house and closed the door. I just stood still against the door trying to normalize my breathing. I closed my eyes and the whole scene flashed before me. I opened my eyes and ran towards the bathroom. I washed my face with cold water for several minutes before I calmed down a little and walked back into the bedroom.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-01?page=3

I was nervous, scared and turned on, all at the same time. Apart from porn movies, I had never seen other people having sex. Not that what I saw was any different from a porn movie. Gurnam, with his huge boner fucked the living day lights out of that woman. Gurnam with his long shlong looked just like a porn star.

I picked up my cell phone and called up my friend and cancelled our plan to meet. After going through such an incident, I wasn't in the condition to focus on anything. I decided to change my clothes and get into something comfortable. My panties were still wet from the orgasms I had in the garage, it had left a small wet spot on my jeans too.

I took off my jeans and top and threw them in the laundry basket. I opened my cupboard and took out a T shirt and pair of shorts and kept them on the bed. I went over to the dressing table to comb my hair. As I was combing my hair, I started thinking about Gurnam again. I just couldn't get him out of my head.

I threw the comb away and fell on the bed. I closed my eyes, trying to remove all such thoughts from my head but it was like the whole scene was embossed in my memory. As I thought more and more about Gurnam, I started visualizing myself in that woman's place.

How would it be to be fucked so rough? How would it feel to have a cock that big shoved into my mouth? Arjun and I did roughen things up in the bedroom once in a while, but Gurnam's style was inhuman compared to Arjun's.

All these thoughts made me really horny and I started fingering myself again. I hadn't masturbated so much ever in my life but I just couldn't control my self. I visualized Gurnam fingering me with his thick, rough fingers. In no time I was moaning to a massive orgasm.

As the orgasm ended, I just laid still with my eyes closed shut. A few minutes later, I heard a car pull up in to the drive way. I knew it was Arjun. I had to have him. I needed a cock in me right now! I walked into the living room and I heard the latch of the door turning around.

"Aditi...I am home honeyyy...What the!" Arjun said as he looked at his half naked wife standing in the hallway.

"What's happening?" Arjun asked with his eyes wide open in shock. I just didn't say anything and ran towards him and jumped on him.

"Whaoo!" Arjun yelled before falling on the floor with me on top of him. I just didn't let him talk anymore as I had my mouth on his. Arjun was too shocked to respond for a few seconds but the man inside him bounced back and he started kissing me back.

We were lying on the floor, in the living room, right next to the door and were hungrily devouring each other. I got off Arjun and pulled him up. I grabbed his tie and started walking towards the bedroom. Arjun dropped his brief case on the floor and dumbly followed me.

"Adu...what's this?" Arjun asked. He wasn't used to such behavior from me.

"Shut up and follow me." was the only thing I said as pulled him inside the bedroom and pushed him on the bed. I stood in front of him and took of my bra and my panties before kneeling down in front of him. I pulled the shoes off his feet and threw them away. I then untied the belt of his trousers and started taking off his pants. As soon as the pants were off, I grabbed his penis and put it into my mouth.

"Aahh..." Arjun moaned I sucked on his cock hard.

"Fuck my mouth!" I said to him.

"What?" Arjun asked.

"I said...fuck my mouth with your cock." I almost screamed at him.

Startled, Arjun stood up and started fucking my mouth. Arjun was fucking my mouth but was only shoving half of it in to my mouth. I had never been mouth fucked, so this was thrilling enough for me.

Arjun fucked my mouth for a couple of more minutes before I pushed him back on to the bed.

Arjun was lying on the bed still wearing his suit, shirt and his tie. I climbed on top of him. I held his cock with my left hand and placed it at my pussy. I slowly sat on his cock and sighed as finally, I had my pussy stuffed. The relief and the pleasure I felt was amazing.

I got into a squatting position and started jumping on his cock. The whole bed shook and creaked violently as I jumped harder and faster on Arjun's cock. I squeezed my breasts and moaned loudly as Arjun cock drove deeper into my pussy.

I was so turned on, even after cumming so many times, that I orgasmed within a couple of minutes.

My screams pushed Arjun off the edge too and he came deep inside me. I collapsed on him and he wrapped his arms around me and hugged me tight.

We just lay there, not speaking a word to each other, trying hard to catch our breaths. I rolled over him to his side and rested my head on his arm. Finally after a few minutes, I opened my mouth to speak.

"So...what's new?" I asked Arjun.

"Well...you tell me...what the hell was that Aditi?" Arjun asked.

"You didn't like it?" I asked back.

"Did you hear me complain?" Arjun replied.

I giggled at him and hugged him tight. We soon stopped talking and my eyes started closing as I drifted into sleep. The day had been too heavy on my senses and I needed to rest.

To be continued...
