the-new-car-ch-02

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-02

After a long night of passionate love making, I woke up to see my husband packing his clothes in a bag. I was naked under the sheets. I covered my breasts as I sat up and looked at the clock on the side table.

"Good morning baby..." Arjun said, smiling at me.

"Good morning Arjun. I am sorry; I couldn't get up on time." I said, still a little sleepy and tired from last nights romp.

"Don't worry dear; after last night, even I had a difficulty getting up and after all, you did all the hard work last night...he he..." Arjun giggled as he continued stuffing clothes in his suitcase.

Last night was really wild. In all our married years I had never been so wild with my husband. I was an initiative taker and unlike several women, liked being in charge once in a while but last night, last night I was possessed.

Last night came to me in flashes. Arjun was lying on the bed and I was sucking his cock, I rode him again to another massive orgasm. In the middle of the night he woke me up and took me from behind. It was the most sex we had in a single night since our honeymoon.

"Why are you packing your bags?" I asked Arjun as I came back from thoughts.

"I didn't tell you last night...or you didn't let me tell you. I am going to Delhi this after noon for the Pan India Zonal Manager's conference." Arjun said as he closed the zip of his bag.

"Ohhh...when will you return?" I asked.

"Around Friday...and I am sorry Adu...you know how my work schedule is in the year end. Let March end and I promise I will take you on that Kerala trip that I promised you in December." He said as he sat close to me.

I rested my head on his shoulder and Arjun kissed me on the head. We sat like that for a while before I pulled of the sheet off my body and got off the bed.

"Let me make up a hot cup of tea." I said as I started walking towards the kitchen, buck naked.

Arjun left that after noon and I was at home, alone, wondering about what happened yesterday. I had the most amazing night of my life with my husband, after seeing a mechanic and a woman having sex. I had fingered my self to several orgasms, something that I rarely did. The first couple of orgasms were in a smelly garage, seeing a man and a woman having sex, something that I had never fantasized or even thought off.

Was this because of Gurnam? How could this be? I am a well educated, self employed and successful woman with a good life and how could a man who I had met not more than a couple of times have such an effect on me. Seeing him have sex was the limit but he had my cheeks flush red even before that.

What was it about him that scared me and turned me on even more? I had been around clean shaven, suave guys all my life, perhaps Gurnam was the change I was looking for? Or was it the brazenness in his lecherous stare that provoked the animalistic instincts inside me.

Why was I so attracted to Gurnam? Arjun was a good lover, a caring husband and my best friend, so my life in all was great but why, even after trying to avoid myself from falling in a pit, was I dragging myself into it?

I was openly fantasizing about a man besides my husband. Was this cheating; was I pushing my self towards something like that or perhaps something too far? I had read somewhere that the inflammable fumes of infidelity lay amongst us all; just one needs to ignite it.

I spent the whole after noon thinking and wondering about the events of the last few days. I tried to distract myself and went over to my friend's house in the evening and came back home late at night and went to bed.

The next morning I was sitting at the dinning table, with a warm cup of coffee and a laptop in front of me. I was busy working on my project and had to meet my deadlines. I had kept Gurnam's thoughts at bay and tried focusing on my work.

I worked till around noon before I made myself a small meal and got back to work. Almost half an hour later the door bell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone and was surprised who it could be. I walked over to the door and opened and I almost yelled after seeing Gurnam at my door.

He was wearing a black T shirt and blue jeans. He smiled at me as I opened the door. I instinctively took a step back, staring at him the whole time.

"Mam...I am here with your car." He said as he dangled the car keys in front of me.

"Is Arjun sir there?" he asked.

"No...he is out of town." I replied. As soon as I said that, I saw a faint smile on his face.

"Ohhh...never mind. You take the delivery of the car. After all, it is your car." He said as he walked inside.

I had no choice but to step back and let him in. He was little too large and imposing for me and it would be rude to keep him at the door when he hadn't misbehaved at all.

"I have fixed up all the issues with the car.

Let's go and check it." he said.

"No...No...Arjun will check it once he comes back." I said, trying to avoid spending more time with him.

"Madam...Madam...It is your car...you have to know it. You should be responsible for your car. It is your first car and you don't want to ignore it like that...do you?" he said.

"No...that's not what I meant...it's just that I don't understand a lot about cars you see." I said, trying to reason with him.

"Then that's what I am here for. Let me teach you a few things about your car. We will take it around for a spin and you can see for yourself that your old car is now as good as a new one." He said.

"No need actually...I know that you are a good mechanic and must have done a great job with the car." I said.

"Thanks but I insist that all my clients must take a test drive before taking the delivery. It's a principle of sorts." He said. He was insisting that I go for a drive with him. I thought that I would go for a mile long spin and would come back within a few minutes and ask him to leave, albeit politely.

"Okay...alright...why don't you go outside and I will change and come back." I said.

He nodded with a smile and walked out and I went into the bedroom to change. I wore a round neck blue colored T shirt and a pair of ash grey jeans. I made sure that the shirt was not too deep necked and I was properly covered even if I was bending over to look at the engine, just like I did the last time and caught Gurnam peeking at my cleavage.

After I was done changing, I walked outside the house and over to the car where Gurnam was standing. He got into the driver's seat and asked me to sit next to him. I obliged and soon, Gurnam and I hit the road.

"The AC unit is new so it will take a while to cool. We need to drive long enough to experience the cooling." He said as he drove away from my neighborhood. His point was valid and didn't leave me much scope to argue.

After clearing several blocks, Gurnam took the highway. He said that he needed to show me the performance of the car. As he sped on the highway, I sat, still and quite, my hand on my knees staring down the road.

"Along with the AC unit, I have also done a detailed servicing of the engine. Oil change, piston assembly cleaning, gear box cleaning and smoothening." He said as he smiled.

Gurnam was looking more at me and less at the road and I pointed it out to him.

"Well...Aditi Madam, I must tell you that you are very beautiful, just can't take my eyes off you." He said with a naughty smile. I chose not to respond and even if I did, what was I supposed to say?

Now we were well outside the city and were on the intercity highway. After staying quite for a while, Gurnam spoke, but this time, it was not about the car.

"Her name is Shanti." He said as he looked at me.

"Who are you talking about?" I asked.

"The woman you saw me with the other day. Her name is Shanti." He said.

"I have no clue what you are talking about." I said, feigning innocence.

"Don't lie madam, the look on your face, then and now just tells me that you saw much more than you expected." He replied.

"She is a widow and works as a maid in the neighboring buildings. I hired her couple of months ago and I just couldn't bear to see a lonely, helpless young woman. So I decided to look after her." He said with a smile that wasn't very genuine.

"Ohh...so that's how you take care of women, by fucking them mercilessly?" I blurted out. As soon as I heard my self, I immediately shut my mouth with my hand and looked away from him.

"Hahahaha...so the cat is finally out of the bag...I knew you saw me that day." He said and laughed loudly.

I cringed in embarrassment. Fucking loudmouth, I said to myself as Gurnam kept laughing.

"You must have seen that she didn't mind me taking care of her in my own special way." He said and started laughing again.

"Yeah...I know...I saw..." I said. Now that I had been stupid enough to confess my audience to their love making, there was no use hiding it anymore.

"Well...madam...everyone has their own style...what you saw that day was my style" he said as he gently caressed my thighs. I shivered as he ran his large palm over my thighs. My cheeks turned red with his slight touch. Gurnam saw me in that state and immediately pulled the car off the highway over to a road away from the highway.

I knew this road, it was an old state highway project which was stalled due to protests and was left incomplete after a court stay order. As we drove over the road, the number of buildings reduced to a point where there was nothing around.

After years of neglect, the road had worn out and there was thick vegetation around.

Gurnam stopped the car after a while and said, "Madam...let me check the headlights of the car. There were some issues with the lamps but I have fixed them."

He got out of the car and stood in front of the bonnet. He opened the bonnet and started checking something. I was sitting in the car with the bonnet right in front of the windscreen and I again had a clear view of Gurnam's crotch from the gap between the car and the bonnet.

"Madam...why don't you come outside?" Gurnam interrupted. I got out of the car and walked over to the front and stood next to him.

"The wiring had a major fault. I replaced the entire wiring to the lights." He said, pointing towards the head light assembly.

"Hmm...okay." Was all I could reply. Gurnam closed the hood and I walked back over to the door of the car and Gurnam followed me.

"Madam...now that I have checked the head lights of the car, I have another pair of headlights that I have to check." Gurnam said as he turned to face me.

"What do you mean? What other headlights?" I asked.

"I meant your head lights." Gurnam said pointing his fingers at my breasts. I looked at his fingers and then looked up at him. He had a wicked smile on his face and stepped closer to me. I stepped back a little until my back was against the door of the car.

"What are you doing Gurnam, stay away from me." I said nervously.

"I have wanted to do this for a long time now and now that I have the chance, I am going to check you out properly. There is no one around to disturb us; what say Aditi, should I check your headlights?" He said as he caught my hand and rubbed my palms gently.

I was too stunned to reply and just starred at him, my eyes were full of fear and his were full of lust. I zoned out for a couple of seconds and in the meanwhile, Gurnam had brought his hands over to my breasts and was caressing them slowly but firmly.

Coming back to my senses, I realized what Gurnam was doing and slapped him. The slap didn't stop him, instead it encouraged him further. The slap unlocked the animal inside Gurnam. He grabbed my hair with his left hand and my arm with his right.

"Slaps and punches aren't going to help you today Aditi." He said as he lowered his head and kissed me hard. He bit my lip and I moaned in his mouth. As he broke the kiss and withdrew, I saw blood on his lips but it wasn't his, it was mine! My lips were bleeding; such was the ferocity of the kiss.

"Get your hands off me. This was all a part of your plan? To bring me here and force yourself on me?" I said, trying to put up a fight.

"You got that right!" Gurnam said and caught my wrists with his left hand and pulled the collar of my shirt with his right hand. He peeped inside for a few seconds and the said, "Hmm...nice."

He then grabbed my left hand and placed it over his crotch. I gasped as I touched it. Instead of taking my hand off his crotch, I started caressing it. I unknowingly ran my hands over his bulge and gauged his size and squeezed it lightly.

By then, Gurnam had his hand inside my top and was fondling my bra clasped breasts. He was very rough and I would moan occasionally. I ran my hand down to his balls and grabbed them and squeezed them.

Gurnam then grabbed my top and began lifting it.

I complied and raised my hands to allow him to pull it over my head and throw it over the roof of the car. He then got back to fondling my breasts. I didn't have the courage to look him in the eye so I looked down but saw his raging erection under his pants.

I reluctantly grabbed his crotch again and began caressing it. By now both of us had realized that I had submitted and Gurnam let go off my left hand and brought his left hand over to my breasts and started squeezing them. I, on the other hand, moved my hand behind him and grabbed his butt. I pulled him a closer till his crotch was rubbing against my mound.

Gurnam lifted my face to face him and bent down to kiss me. This time, the kiss wasn't rough, it was passionate. As Gurnam munched my lips, my breathing got heavier and I kissed him back. I grabbed the back of his head and pulled him closer.

Gurnam abruptly broke the kiss, turned me around and pushed me against the car door. He removed my hair clip and let my hair loose. He then kissed my shoulder and neck before pushing my hair over my right shoulder. He unhooked my bra and removed the straps off my shoulder. The white bra was caught between my breasts and the car window and refused to fall to the ground.

Gurnam then turned me around to face him and soon as he did that, the bra fell to the ground. I instinctively covered my breasts with my hands and looked away from him. Gurnam wasn't interested in my show of modesty and immediately removed my hands from my breasts and pinned them against the car door. He again kissed me hard, holding my hands tight against the car door leaving me no scope to cover myself.

After a few minutes of passionate kissing Gurnam let me go. The intensity of the kiss broke down any feeling of resistance I had. I stood silently as Gurnam started at my heaving breasts. He then cupped them and fondled them for a while before lowering his mouth over my left breast.

"Aaah...ssss." I moaned and sighed as Gurnam clamped his mouth on my nipple and began sucking it. I held on to his waist and pulled him closer as Gurnam continued sucking my tit. He began squeezing my right breast with his right hand, intensifying the pleasure.

A couple of minutes later, he moved his mouth over to my right breast and began sucking it. His left hand replaced his mouth at my left breast. He continued sucking and fondling my breasts for several minutes before squeezing them hard one last time.

He then kneeled in front of me and began unhooking my jeans. I caught his hands, trying to avoid being naked on the road. This was the last ditch attempt by my moral self to save me from adultery. But the attempt miserably failed when Gurnam pushed aside my hands and I just let him continue without further resistance.

It was as if time slowed down and every thing moved in slow motion. I could hear the button click as it was opened and could here the zipper as it was slowly dragged down. Gurnam grabbed the jeans at my waist and started dragging them down. The white thong came into view as he dragged the jeans all the way down to my feet.

I gently stepped out of the jeans and stood there, right in the middle of nowhere, almost completely naked in front of Gurnam. I was embarrassed and extremely turned on at the same time. I didn't know what to do. Try to hide myself or to show myself to Gurnam. Gurnam ended the confusion by dragging down my thong as well.

"Hmmm...just like in the porn movies." Gurnam said as he inspected my clean shaven, naked pussy. It was the first time that I was naked outside the confines of a room and Gurnam was only the second man to see my pussy.

Gurnam stood up and pulled me away from the car. I was now standing a few feet away from the car and Gurnam was walking around me checking my naked body which was on display in broad day light. He was passing all sorts of dirty comments which, far from offending me, were turning me on.

"Your body is made to be fucked and fucked hard Aditi." Gurnam said as he kept walking around me.

"Ohhh...look at that ass...simply perfect. Not too big...not too small...just perfect." He said and slapped my ass cheek hard.

"Aahh..." I moaned as Gurnam landed another slap on my ass.

"You like it don't you bitch?" he said as he slapped my ass again, this time harder then the previous ones.

"Ummm..." I moaned at being treated like a cheap slut.

Gurnam stood behind me and grabbed my right breast with his right hand and caressed my pussy with his left hand. My pussy was leaking from all the hot taboo action that had happed in the last several minutes and Gurnam was quick to comment on it.

"Look at that wet pussy. You high society bitches, pretend to be very pious when the fact is that you are as slutty and kinky as any whore. Don't worry...I will take care of that pussy soon." He said as he flicked my clit a couple of times.

Gurnam continued playing with my clit and my nipples for a few minutes, before I heard a car approaching. I looked down the road and saw a black sedan speeding towards us. I hurriedly broke away from Gurnam and ran towards the car. I opened the door and was about to enter the car when Gurnam grabbed me from behind and started fondling my boobs.

"Please let me go...can't you see the car coming towards us? Please let me go Gurnam." I pleaded miserably but Gurnam didn't listen. The car was now just a few hundred meters away from us when it started slowing down. I was shit scared and feared that the car would stop.

The car slowed down and I could see its tinted glass rolled up. The driver of the car honked a couple of times and drove away from us.

"Whew...that was close. Are you fucking crazy?" I yelled at Gurnam.

"Hahaha...you enjoyed it didn't you?" Gurnam said.

"No I didn't..." I replied in anger.

"Ohh yess...you did...or else, why is this pussy leaking even more?" Gurnam said as he pushed his finger inside my pussy.

"Aaah..." I moaned as Gurnam fingered me. It was exciting to be caught in this state on the road but I just couldn't say it.

"Now let's get into the car." Gurnam said and opened the back door of the car. He pushed me inside and I got in on my fours. Gurnam also got inside and was kneeling on the back seat behind me.

He fondled and slapped my ass for a minute before he bent over and started kissing and licking my ass cheeks. I turned my head to look at him and pulled his head closer. Gurnam started licking my asshole and inserted his thick middle finger inside my pussy and started fingering me.

"You like that huh bitch...you like my fingers inside your pussy?" Gurnam said as he continued fingering me.

"Yeah....yess....don't stop." I said with great effort. Gurnam started squeezing my boobs with his left hand as his right hand was busy fingering me and his tongue was busy on my asshole.

"Ohhh..yeah...ohhh" I moaned as Gurnam fingered me faster and harder. The rimming was just adding to the effect and my orgasm was drawing close. My moans turned to screams as the orgasm, the biggest one of my life grew inside my pussy.

"Aahh...Aaah....Aaaaahhh.." I screamed as I orgasmed. I screamed so loudly that I thought the nearby villagers would come running to us. We were inside the car and the windows had been rolled up so I screamed without fear.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-02?page=2

Once the orgasm ended, I was still on my fours on the back seat of my car. I heard a zipper being opened. I looked back at Gurnam and he was pulling down his pants. He was ready to fuck me right inside my car but I couldn't risk continuing this.

The black sedan was a close call and someone could show up or worse, call the police. I didn't want to get caught in such a situation. I couldn't let Gurnam fuck me here.

"No...Gurnam...don't fuck me here...anywhere but here...I don't want to do this in the open." I pleaded.

"Hahaha...you mean you are ready to get fucked by me." Gurnam chuckled.

I turned around and pulled him close and whispered into his ears, "yes...fuck me!" before sucking on his ear lobe. Gurnam moaned and kissed me. As our tongues dueled furiously, Gurnam inserted a couple of his thick fingers inside my pussy and wiggled them a few times before bringing them over my lips. He smeared my own juices over my lips and then sucked his fingers.

I licked my lips, tasting the salty, tangy juices of my own body. I pulled his hand and inserted his slick fingers inside my mouth and began sucking them. I sucked his fingers like sucking a cock, bobbing my head forwards and backwards, signaling my intent.

"That's enough for here..." I said as I removed his fingers from my mouth.

"Where now?" Gurnam said as he buttoned his jeans.

"That is for you to decide." I winked at him.

"I have just the right place for us." he winked

back before getting out of the car. He grabbed my clothes, some of which were on the roof of the car and some were lying in the dirt next to it. He threw my clothes at me before removing a pack of cigarettes from his pocket and lighting one.

I didn't bother to wear my bra and threw it aside before wearing my shirt. Gurnam was staring at me, puffing plumes of cigarette smoke as I wore my clothes. I grabbed my panties and found them to be very wet. There was no use wearing them, I thought before tossing them aside as well.

As I was about to wear my pants, Gurnam stopped me and said, "No...No...No...you are not going to wear them now."

"What...you expect me to drive around bottomless?" I said in shock.

"Well...yes...I want some entertainment as we drive back." He replied.

"What nonsense." I almost shouted back at him.

"Don't waste time arguing Aditi, just sit in the front." He said as he pulled jeans out of my hands and walked over to the driver's seat and got inside the car. I sighed and sat next to him. Gurnam started the car and turned it around and soon we were on the highway. Earlier, Gurnam was driving leisurely; taking his own time but now he was driving as if we were in a race.

My discomfort at sitting half naked inside my own car was gone once I realized that I was in relatively safe position. The car had dark tinted windows on the side glasses which prevented anyone from seeing inside and anyone seeing me through the windscreen wouldn't be able see my naked lower half, thanks to the high rising dashboard.

The only way of seeing me in that state was that if the car stopped and someone deliberately peeped through the tinted windows but that was almost impossible considering that it was a hot march afternoon in the sparsely populated suburbs.

As the car hit the highway in top gear, Gurnam resumed his antics. He caressed my thigh with his left hand for a while before going for the honey pot. I shivered and sighed as Gurnam flicked my clit with his thick, raspy fingers. I reclined my seat and spread my legs and let Gurnam finger me.

"Were you aware that I was watching you fuck that woman the other day?" I asked him as caressed his bulge with my right hand.

"No...in fact I wasn't expecting you guys to be on time, let alone before time and I surely didn't expect you to come alone." He replied as his fingering got faster.

"So...you liked what you saw that day? Are you ready to experience it first hand?" he asked.

"Ummm..." I moaned as I closed my eyes, waiting another orgasm to hit me. The images of that day flashed in front of my eyes again but this time, I pictured my self in that woman's place. Just the thought that the fantasy would be true in a few minutes was enough to push me over the edge. I moaned loudly and came.

A few minutes later we were in the city and were now nearing Gurnam's garage. Gurnam turned the car into the lane and then drove it into the garage. As we drove over to the back side of the garage, I realized that no one was around.

"There is no one around right?" I asked just to make sure.

"It's just you and me here right now." He replied before stopping the car. He got out of the car and closed the door before walking over to my side and opened the door. I was still cautious and looked around, just to be sure that we were alone in the garage.

"Don't worry Aditi...we are alone here...my crew is away for the afternoon and no one will be disturbing us." he said as he held my hand and gently pulled me out of the car. I stepped out of the car holding Gurnam's hand and we slowly walked over to his office cabin.

We reached the cabin door and Gurnam opened it with his key. I entered inside before Gurnam and walked over to the table. Two weeks ago I was in this very cabin, negotiating the cost of repairs and now I was here about to pay the ultimate price!

I turned around when I heard the door close. Gurnam closed the door and began walking towards me. As he walked slowly, he pulled his T shirt over his head and threw it on the couch near him. He was now standing just a couple of feet away from me, in a white vest and a blue denim where as I was in a blue top with nothing underneath.

I stepped closer to him and ran my hands over his chest. I wanted to feel his tight chest and the vest was proving to be a hindrance. I pulled his vest over his head and threw it on the couch. I shivered as I gently ran my hand over his hairy chest. I flicked and lightly pinched his nipples to which Gurnam moaned a little. I ran my hands over his tight stomach and his waist before again going up his arms over to his shoulders.

I rubbed his shoulders for a few moments before locking my hands behind his neck and pulling him over for a kiss. Gurnam bent down and brought his lips over to meet mine. As soon as I opened my mouth, Gurnam's tongue sneaked in and met my tongue. Gurnam wrapped his hands around my waist and pulled me closer to him. As I went into his arms, our kiss intensified and our breathing got heavier.

Gurnam broke the kiss and stared at me for a second before I pulled him back. Gurnam was an excellent kisser and his first kiss itself made me weak in the knees so this one wasn't different either. The sudden rush of excitement triggered by the kiss made me dizzy. We broke the kiss for just a second as I pulled my shirt over my head and threw it on the floor before kissing him back.

I was standing on my toes kissing Gurnam, when he suddenly grabbed my ass with his large hands. Without breaking the kiss he lifted me off the ground and I was now at his eye level. I wrapped my legs around his waist and continued kissing him. I could feel his denim covered penis rubbing against my pussy, making me moan lightly. Gurnam was squeezing my ass roughly, making me moan in his mouth.

Gurnam broke the kiss and lowered his head over my breasts and started biting my nipples. I threw my head back and pushed my chest forward to allow him more access to my soft but sensitive boobs.

"Aahahhh....ohhh...Gurnaammm..." I moaned as I closed my eyes, enjoying the insensitive treatment meted out to my extra sensitive nipples.

"Ummmm...Aditi...your tits are the best I have ever had. I just want to keep biting them all day long...ummm" Gurnam said before going back to sucking my boobs.

I was hanging in mid air; my legs wrapped around his waist, getting my breasts mauled by Gurnam. The feeling was like I never felt before and it made my pussy leak like a faucet. I started grinding my pussy against his bulge and soon Gurnam reciprocated. As I was being dry humped mid air, Gurnam moved over from my breasts, kissing all the way from the top of the breast over the collar bond before settling on my neck.

Gurnam kissed and licked my nape before I grabbed his hair and pulled him for a kiss. As we kissed, Gurnam walked behind the table and placed me on his large, black office chair. I spread my legs and placed them on the arms of the chair and my pussy was exposed.

Gurnam kneeled in front of me and placed light kisses on my thighs. He started kissing and licking my thighs, slowly moving over to my pussy. I felt his warm breath on my pussy as his face hovered over it. He gently flicked my clit with his tongue, sending jolts of raw pleasure all over my body. He flicked my clit for couple of more times before he clamped his mouth over it and began sucking it.

"Ohhh...yessss..." I moaned as Gurnam sucked hard on my clit.

"He he he...like it?" Gurnam said.

'

"Hmmmm..." I moaned as Gurnam got busy with my pussy.

He spread my nether lips with his fingers before licking all over the length of the pussy. He repeated it for a few times before inserting in thick middle finger inside my pussy and began fingering me. At the same time, he also sucked on my clit. I arched my back and screamed in pleasure as Gurnam played with my pussy.

Gurnam drove his raspy tongue inside my pussy hole intensifying the pleasure. I grabbed his thick hair and pulled him more into me. I bucked and moaned as Gurnam continued devouring my pussy and as my orgasm got closer, I moaned and screamed feverishly. He brought his hands over to my boobs and began squeezing them. He pinched and flicked my nipples roughly as he continued his oral assault on my pussy.

Gurnam then shoved his left index finger inside my mouth and I began sucking it. I could taste my own juices on his fingers and it felt amazing. I sucked his fingers, all the while thinking of his cock. I wanted to touch it, jerk it, and suck it!

"Aaahhh....Ohhhh...Don't stop...don't stop!!!" I bucked and shivered wildly when the orgasm hit me. It was perhaps the biggest one I had till now. I had never screamed like this before in my life.

In just a couple of minutes, Gurnam had made me cum so wildly. Gurnam had impressed me with his oral skills so I had to reciprocate and show him that I was also a master at this game.

I kept shivering from the after shocks of the orgasm for a couple of minutes and Gurnam by then had backed off and was standing near me. As I gathered myself after the orgasm, I looked at his crotch. Gurnam noticed that and stood in front of me.

He pulled the chair closer to him so that I was barely a half feet away from him. Gurnam rested his butt on the edge of the table and I got busy loosening his belt. Once the belt came off, I popped the button open and pulled the zipper down.

"You've seen me naked...it is fair that I see you too." I said and giggled before digging my fingers inside his jeans and pulling it down along with his underwear to his knees. As soon as the jeans came down, his cock sprung out. The magnificent specimen of manhood was now right in front of my eyes, barely and inch away from my lips.

The cock that I had seen in action from a few feet away was now right in front of me. It was long and unusually thick. I had guessed it right; it must have been easily 9 inches in length. Thick blue veins ran along the length of the cock. It had a thick but neatly trimmed bush of pubic hair around its base. The dark foreskin had retracted a little, displaying the large mushroom like cockhead underneath.

The pink cock head shinned with a layer of precum oozing from its slit. The thick shaft led to a pair of massive balls which hung majestically under the cock. I was awestruck and a little scared looking at it. The scarier part was that his intentions were to shove it inside me and my intentions were to let him do it.

I gently cupped the balls with my right hand and wrapped my left hand around the shaft. I ran my hands over the cock, gauging its firmness and weighing the balls. I bent down and kissed the cock head before licking it. I licked the precum off it and tasted it. I then took the cock head inside my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. I could feel the firmness of his cock inside my mouth.

Gurnam had closed his eyes and was moaning lightly. The look on his face was enough to turn me on further and suck his cock feverishly.

I lashed out my tongue on the slit a few times before licking the entire shaft and sucking on the cock head again. I bent a little lower and gobbled up his balls. The feeling of his heavy balls in my mouth was amazing. I sucked on his balls one by one before focusing back on the cockhead. I bobbed my head slowly as I tried to take more of him inside my mouth. The musty, pungent scent of his cock was arousing me further.

After a couple of minutes of sucking his cock, I took it out of my mouth and looked at Gurnam.

"Fuck my mouth. Fuck it just like you did that day." I said as I looked him in the eyes.

"Ohh...so you want it rough...Alright!" he said, smiling wickedly as he stepped out of his pants getting naked completely.

"Yeahhhh..." I replied as gave his cock one final suck before getting off the chair. We were standing behind the table which did not give us enough space to do what we intended to. So, we walked away from the table towards the open space near the couch. I grabbed a pen lying on the table and tied my hair in a bun.

I took a cushion from the couch and threw it on the floor before kneeling on it. Gurnam stood in front of me with his cock right in front of me. He grabbed my head with both his hands before pushing his cock towards my mouth. I opened my mouth wide to accept his giant hog and soon it was inside.

He shoved his entire cock inside my mouth in the very first stroke. I gagged and withdrew immediately but I wasn't done. I again took him inside me and this time, I relaxed my throat and let his cock slide down my throat.

Gurnam realized that I was new to this and started off with slow but long strokes. At first he shoved only half his cock inside. The cock head would slowly disappear into my mouth, passing the jaw, sliding on my tongue and touching the back of my throat before sliding all the way out. Gurnam would pull out entirely before pushing it back into my wide open mouth.

The slow stroking allowed me to relax my throat completely and allow his cock deeper penetration of my mouth. Gurnam pressed my cheeks with his hands, making my mouth feel tighter around his cock.

"Aaah...your mouth is so good Aditi...Aahh..?" Gurnam moaned as his cock slid in deeper and deeper with each stroke.

I wrapped my hands around his butt and tried taking him deeper. Gurnam by now had started fucking my mouth deeper and harder. He grabbed my head and started shoving his cock harder into my mouth. We soon settled into a rhythm similar to the one I witnessed the other day. His massive balls struck against my chin with his each powerful shove.

"Mmmppff...mmmpff....mmmpff" I moaned as Gurnam's cock moved in and out of my mouth. Gurnam shoved his cock all the way inside my mouth, holding me back with his strong hands. His pubic hair was touching my nose and the huge cock head was almost choking me. He released me after a few seconds and resumed fucking my mouth.

I was a slave in the hands of this man, taking his cock in my mouth like a wanton whore and loving it. My deepest carnal desires were now playing out. I grabbed his ball sack in my right hand and squeezed it hard making him moan loudly and fuck my mouth faster.

My pussy was dripping wet and I didn't need to touch my self to cum. The hot and heavy oral action was enough to make me cum. As I came for the fifth, perhaps the sixth time in the afternoon, Gurnam let go off me and stepped back.

I just collapsed to the ground, gasping for air. My eyes were watery from all the gagging and shoving and my jaw hurt like hell. But it was all worth it! I had just gotten what I had been fantasizing. Once I normalized, I crawled back at him and grabbed his cock and started stroking it. I gobbled it up once again, this time using my own blowjob technique.

"If the mouth is so good...then I can't wait to feel your pussy." Gurnam moaned as he groped my supple breasts with his strong hands.

"Then we shouldn't wait...should we?" I said as I took his cock out of my mouth and stood up.

I walked over to the couch and got on it. I was on my fours, my hands resting at the top of the back rest, my knees on the couch and my feet hanging in the air. My ass was in the air and as I spread my legs, my wet shiny pussy came into view.

Gurnam walked over behind me and positioned his cock at my pussy entrance. He rubbed it along my pussy for a while before slowly inserting it inside.

"Aaaahhh....." I sighed as Gurnam's thick shaft stretched my pussy. Gurnam slowly pushed his cock all the way inside my pussy and stopped. As my pussy got used to the girth of his cock, my pussy walls gripped his cock and began squeezing it. For the first time in my life, I felt that my pussy was fully stuffed and it felt good!

Even though I didn't want to but instant comparison was made. Arjun was longer than average and had an average girth but when compared to Gurnam, his cock looked and felt like a leprechaun's pinkie. Gurnam kept his cock buried to the hilt inside my pussy for a minute, before he slowly began withdrawing.

"Ohhhh...that's tight!" Gurnam moaned as he slowly withdrew his cock all the way to the edge before shoving it roughly back inside.

"Aaaah..." I gasped as I felt the full force of his cock. Gurnam went all the way in again and began pulling it slowly after a few seconds. As he pulled back to the edge of my pussy, Gurnam grabbed my waist and then shoved it all the way back, making me gasp louder than before. Gurnam carried on his slow, long but forceful shoves into my pussy for a few times before he started fucking me with a steady pace of shorter strokes.

I closed my eyes and sighed as I felt jolts of raw pleasure surge through my body, savoring each and every stroke. Gurnam dug his fingers into my waist and continued fucking me.

"Look at you...getting fucked like this...you really are a bitch Aditi..." Gurnam moaned as he slapped my ass really hard.

Moan loudly was all I could do as Gurnam kept drilling my pussy. I really felt like a bitch and being fucked in this position just justified his words. I had never imagined myself to be in this situation. I had intended to get rid of Gurnam as quickly as possible but now, almost an hour and a half later; I was in his office, naked on his couch, getting fucked in bitch fucked. Wow! That escalated quickly and dramatically.

Gurnam moved his right hand over to my right breast and began squeezing and pinching it. He brought his left hand over to my mouth and shoved a couple of his fingers inside. I sucked on his fingers as Gurnam continued fucking me and mauling my breasts.

Gurnam stopped his stroking, compelling me to open my eyes and look back. I saw Gurnam placing his left feet on the couch and I realized that he was going for the kill. In this position, Gurnam was poised to fuck me harder, faster and deeper.

Gurnam shoved his cock back inside my pussy and started fucking me again, but this time he was unstoppable.

He was like a piston of a high power sports car, pistoning my well oiled engine. My moans turned to screams as I gripped the couch tighter. My body shook violently as I endured the assault Gurnam had mounted on my pussy and on my senses.

My mind had blocked all that was around me and was focused only on the hard and fast drilling that I was receiving. All I could hear was the rapid but rhythmic 'splat splat splat' noise that his gigantic balls made as they slapped against my wet, swollen pussy.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-02?page=3

"Aaahhh...Ohhhh....shiitttt!!! I screamed as my orgasm hit me in just a matter of seconds. Gurnam immediately slowed down his stroking but kept fucking my spasming pussy in slow and longer strokes which prolonged my orgasm.

My mind was numb from such an intense orgasm and for a few seconds I had no clue of what was going on but a hard slap on my ass brought me back.

"Ha ha ha ....looks like you enjoyed my style of taking care of women but I not done yet, in fact, I am far from done." He said as he withdrew his cock from my pussy.

"Who said that I am done either?" I replied as I got off the couch. Gurnam gave me a wicked smile and grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the table. He pushed me against the table such that now my torso was lying flat on the table and my ass was pointed towards Gurnam who was standing right behind me.

My boobs were now pressed against the glass top of the table and the cold glass made my already hard nipples harder. Gurnam then placed his cock at my pussy entrance and shoved it back inside again. He grabbed my ass and resumed fucking me with the same fury that he did just a minute ago.

"Ohhhh....Aditi...your pussy is so fine...I just don't want to cum...I just want to keep fucking you..." Gurnam moaned.

"Aawwww yeahhh...keep fucking me...Don't stop...Don't stoopp...aaahhh..." I yelled back at him.

"Yeahh....you are going to get it....just wait for it...aaahh" He replied as he increased his speed.

Gurnam then grabbed my wrists and as my back arched, my chest rose in the air. My nipples were pointing straight towards the wall.

Gurnam kept hammering my pussy hard and fast and in this position his cock penetrated deeper. I was moaning and panting as my pussy got a beating of its life. Beads of sweat dripped from my forehead on to the glass table.

After fucking me in that position for a few minutes, Gurnam paused. He grabbed my left feet, folded it at the knee and placed on the table. He inserted his cock back inside my pussy and began stroking me steadily. The variation in speed was a welcome move as the rapid thrusting had almost knocked me out.

"Uuhh...Uhhh..Aahh" I moaned as Gurnam changed his gear to a higher pace. His steady stroking now got pacier before again slowing down. Gurnam varied the speed for several minutes before he pulled out the pen that was holding my hair together. As my hair flowed down, he grabbed and bunched them in his left hand, placed his right hand on my right shoulder and began fucking me violently.

"Aaaah...fuck fuck fuck...faster...faster...faster..." I screamed as another orgasm hit me seconds later. Gurnam immediately let me go and moved back. I just collapsed on the table, panting and moaning. I was in a state I had never been before. This marathon fucking session had worked my body out more than it had in weeks of gyming.

I somehow managed to stand up but fell to the floor immediately and immediately assumed the fetal position. I was still breathing heavily and was completely dazed. I had lost touch of time and the number of orgasms I had.

As I lay on the floor, trying really hard to keep my eyes open, I saw Gurnam kneeling near me. He bent down and came closer to my face and said, "Want to continue?"

My mind was screaming 'No No No' but my body just pushed it aside when I said, "Yessss..."

Gurnam smiled and then pushed me on my back. He picked up the couch cushion lying on the floor and lifted my body to place it under my ass. I spread my legs as he got between them. He bent down and spat on my pussy before spitting a large glob of saliva on his cock and placed it at my pussy hole.

I was jolted back to reality from my delirious state when Gurnam shoved his cock into my pussy. Gurnam was back to where he had left, fucking me mercilessly; the only thing that changed was the position. I was lying on the floor, my legs locked around his waist, taking it like a whore.

After a while, Gurnam placed my legs on his shoulder and bend forwards. My ass rose from the floor and his cock went deeper. He grabbed my tits for support and started fucking me in the same beastly manner that he had been all this while.

As we stared into each other's eyes, Gurnam bent lower and kissed me. My legs were now almost touching my shoulder and it hurt like hell. I had never done it before and I never thought I was capable of contorting body to such an extent. But the kiss was a huge relief from the madness that Gurnam had subjected me to and it was starkly contrasting to his fanatical fucking.

Gurnam broke the kiss and looked up and closed his eyes. His strokes got erratic and he started sweating more than before. I knew what was coming next; my pussy could feel his cock twitching. I braced my self to what was to follow and prayed that he didn't cum inside.

"Aaahhh...Take that...take my cum bitch!!!!" he screamed as he sat up, pulled out his cock and sprayed his spunk all over my body. The first jet of his thick, hot cum hit my face followed by a couple more before his cock ejected semen all over my torso. Gurnam continued spewing cum by vigorously stroking his cock, forcing more and more cum out of it.

Once he was done cumming, Gurnam collapsed on the floor right next to me. He was panting and moaning, still recovering from that eruption. I managed to open my eyes which were covered by globs of his cum to look down at my body. There was a little cum on my breast, a little on my upper abdomen and there was a pool of semen which went all the way from my navel right up to my pussy.

I could barely inspect myself for a few seconds before I collapsed back to the floor. I don't know how long I was lying on the floor when I felt a pat on my shoulder. I opened my eyes to see Gurnam wearing his jeans.

I tried to get up but just couldn't muster the strength to stand up. Gurnam helped me stand up and took me to a small enclosure behind his cabin. It was a dark, dirty make shift shower. I stood under it as Gurnam turned on the shower and left. I shivered as the cold water fell on my head and shoulders before trickling down my exhausted, aching body.

I washed the dried cum stains of f my body and cleaned my still convulsing pussy. After several minutes under the cold refreshing shower, I came out naked and walked back into his office where Gurnam was standing with a dry towel. I took it from him and started wiping my body. I saw my clothes on the table and started wearing them one by one.

Gurnam by now was also fully dressed. Without speaking a word, we walked over to the car. I was in no condition to drive so Gurnam helped me into the car and he himself got into the drivers seat. Moments later we were driving back towards my house. The test drive had finally ended!

A few minutes later, Gurnam turned the car into the drive way of my house before stopping. We both got out and walked to the front porch.

"Here are the keys to you car. It is all fixed up and ready to drive." Gurnam said as he handed me the keys.

"I hope you liked my service madam." Gurnam said as he broke out into a wicked grin.

"Hmmmm...What about the bill?" I asked as I took the car keys from him.

"Don't worry about that madam. This one is on the house." He replied.

I said nothing to that, turned around and walked to the door. I inserted the keys into the latch and turned it around once before stopping. I stood still for a few moments before turning around to see Gurnam still standing there.

"Why don't you come inside...I mean inside the house." I said as I broke into a shit eating grin, realizing the fumble.

"Ha ha ha ha ....It will be my pleasure and I wouldn't mind doing both." He said as he followed me inside before closing the door.

The door behind us was closed and soon the windows were closed too and the curtains were drawn but I was sure that anyone outside could hear my screams of pleasure as Gurnam fucked me on my bridal bed.

Later that night....

"Hey honey...wassup?" Arjun spoke to me from the other end of the phone.

"Nothing much...you say..." I replied as I was lying on my bed naked. Gurnam had left just a few minutes ago.

"How was your day?" Arjun asked.

I shivered and the whole day just flashed in front of my eyes and my pussy twitched but I replied, "As usual. I brought the car back."

"Ohh great...is it fixed up?" Arjun asked.

"I think so..." I replied.

"What about the bill? You paid it?" Arjun asked.

"Yeah...I paid the bill alright..." I replied.

"Why do you say so?" Arjun asked, little concerned.

"No...it's just that the price was huge but Gurnam repaired the car very well. In fact I am so impressed that I am going to take the car to him every time for servicing." I replied, trying hard to sound genuine.

"Ohhh...alright honey...hey...I will call you back later...I have to attend the corporate dinner...bye love..." Arjun said.

"Bye...." I said before disconnecting the call.

I was sad about cheating on my husband but what had happened had happened. I didn't think about my husband when Gurnam was groping, licking and fucking me and I was more than a willing partner in the show; so why be a victim.

Thinking so, I decided to move on with my life with my loving husband and my new car and got up to take a shower, resolving to wash away all that had happened today.

A month later....

"Gurnam here..." I heard Gurnam at the other end of the line.

"Gurnam, this is Aditi here..." I replied.

"Ohhh...Hello Aditi madam...nice to hear from you after such a long time. How is the car doing? Giving any problems?"

"Yeah...it's been acting up in past few days and the car is making weird noises. I didn't want to bother you but had to as my husband is out of town." I replied.

"Ohhh...Don't worry madam. Gurnam is always at your service. Why don't you bring the car over; perhaps the valves need to be cleaned and oiled well. I will take a test drive before jumping to conclusions." He said.

"Well...alright...I'll be there in sometime." I said before disconnecting the call.

Almost a couple of hours later I was in almost the same spot where it all began; at the isolated end of the old highway, the difference was that we had taken a detour into the wooded area around the highway.

The car engine rumbled quietly and the continuous cold blast of air from the AC vents had fogged up the already tinted windows. Gurnam's trousers were lying on the driver's seat and my bra was lying on the adjacent seat along with Gurnam's jockeys. My soaked panties were lying on the floor of the car.

My tank top was pulled up to my neck and my mid thigh length skirt pulled up over my waist.

We were in the back seat and I was bouncing on Gurnam's cock, moaning and sighing as he wrapped his hands around me in a bear hug and nibbled on my nipples.

"You said the engine valves needed cleaning and oiling, then what are you doing?" I said as I started bouncing faster.

"Yeahh...but I am going to clean and oil your valves first before I get to the car." Gurnam replied as he squeezed my ass hard.

"Aahhhh...do you do this with all your lady clients?" I asked.

"Not all my female clients are as sexy as you are...and I can assure you that no woman has every taken my cock like you do." he said with a wide grin on his sweaty face.

"The AC is working well..." Gurnam said.

"And the shock absorbers too!" I replied listening to the loud rumbling and the creaking of the car.

Gurnam and I laughed out loudly to that comment. And those were the last words spoken between us for the rest of the afternoon. The only things that came out of our mouths were screams, guttural moans and saliva. The car was filled with sounds of rustling of the leather seats, sweat soaked skin rubbing against each other and his balls slapping against my pussy as we went at each other like deranged nymphomaniacs.
