the-new-car-ch-04

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-04

Note: This story is a sequel to the previous chapters. Those who have read it before can continue from here. For those who haven't, I suggest they start from Ch. 01 to better understand and the enjoy the story.

*****

"Shit, I am late... " I said to myself as I drove down the highway.

I had gone to one of my work sites and after working all day, supervising the construction, I was making my way back to my home. The work site was in a township that was around 30 kilometers from my house.

It was a big ticket contract and one of the first big ticket projects I received after starting my practice. I had worked hard in these years to earn a large number of small clients and the hard work had paid when I received this contract.

I had to make this perfect because I knew this was my chance to push myself into the market in big way. I knew this contract would get me many such contracts. The work had almost finished and I was waiting for the clients to visit the site and review the work.

So with that zeal, I left early in the morning, drove all the way to the site and checked on every tiny detail of the project. I was pretty much done inspecting and checking all the work, nervously waiting for my clients to arrive. I waited and waited and finally they showed up at 3pm!

The waiting paid off when the clients said they were very impressed and extremely pleased with my work. They also promised me that they would give me another project of theirs in a few months. They asked me for my views on their new projects and the discussion took a couple of more hours and finally when I left for the day, the sun was setting. It was the middle of the winter and the day ended faster.

I wanted to get off this highway quick because I had read in the newspaper of some robberies, muggings and even a few murders on this particular stretch of the road. Even though I had been driving for more than a year now, I was still not a good driver. I had my amateur moments and they came pretty often.

My mind was completely occupied from the satisfaction of successfully completing the huge project and at the same time worried about driving down a supposedly dangerous road. With all these thoughts jumbling in my brain, I drove faster and faster. My thoughts were broken when my cell phone started ringing.

'Damn it' I thought when I realized that my cell phone was in the handbag and the handbag was zipped closed. I didn't want to stop or slow down, so with my left hand, I tried unzipping the bag. Every few second I would look at the bag, desperately trying to open it, even so hurriedly to answer the call. I tried to juggle the driving and the endeavor to open my bag at the earliest.

It is said that women are good at multi-tasking. I am not one of those women. I was so pre-occupied in opening the bag that I completely stopped looking at the road. When I finally got the cell phone out of the bag, I looked down the road. The moment I looked down the road, I saw a huge speed bump, appearing out of nowhere. My immediate reaction, scream!

"Aaaiiii... Ohhhh... Shittttt... " I screamed as I saw the bump coming closer and closer.

Within a second I heard a loud bang and a screech. The car first hit the bump which caused the bang and then the bottom of my car scrapped against the top of the bump causing the deafening screech.

The car was in the air the next second and a second later hit the ground with a huge thud. My hands were glued to the steering the whole time and steering turned to the left, the moment the car landed on the ground. The next thing I know, the car was heading towards a huge banyan tree on the side of the road.

Finally my grey cells worked and I turned the steering to the right and pressed the brake to the hilt. I heard the loud rustling of the wheels on the dirt as they grinded to a halt but the sheer momentum of the car kept propelling it forward.

"No... No... Nooooo... " I screamed and closed my eyes as my car was about to hit the banyan tree. But the timely turn of the steering wheel prevented the head on collision and the left part of my car hit the tree.

I was wise enough to wear the seat belt because that collision would have definitely hurled me out of the car and into the tree. The car had stopped but the shock had prevented me from realizing it. It must have been a good minute before I finally opened my eyes and looked around. I realized that I was still alive but I was too shocked to even cry.

My body shivered violently as I tried opening the door. After a few attempts I managed to grab the handle and open it. I stepped out the car, still shivering like a Chihuahua and walked over to the front.

Fuck! This was bad! The left head light was completely destroyed along with the bumper. The left side of the windscreen was cracked and the bonnet was severely damaged. Thank God that I had the smarts of steering the car away or I would definitely be going towards the light. The car didn't have an airbag, in fact, for Indian cars of its time; airbags were a concept of a distant future.

I quickly touched my crotch and then my ass fearing the worst. Had I shit myself? I was relieved when I realized I hadn't.

'This is bad... this is really bad.' I thought as I rested on the bumper. Tears welled up in my eyes as I cried out of fear of being stuck here and the relief that I was alive.

'Arjun is going to kill me.' I thought. Fuck! He is going to be so mad. He had just talked to me about buying me a new car a few days ago and after this, let alone buying a car, he would never even let me sit in a car.

I knew how he would react. First he would worry and fuss, then be relieved that I was okay and when he was finally done with me, he would worry about the car. And this story would end up as 'I Told You So!' story for the rest of my life.

I kept thinking of all the possible future scenarios for a few seconds when my grey cells acted up and I realized that all that would happen when I get me and my car back home. I immediately took out my cell phone from my car and decided to make a call.

But who do I call? Arjun was out of town on a 4 day conference. I thought about calling my best friend Rhea but quickly changed the decision realizing she would be of no help. I didn't want us to be stuck here.

"Who should I call...? Who should I call?" I kept asking myself.

"Gurnam... yess... I can call him. He will definitely be a lot of help." I thought as the eureka moment hit me.

I quickly dialed his number from the cell phone address book. Gurnam answered immediately and I pleaded him to help me. I managed to tell him my whereabouts and Gurnam said he would be there as quickly as he could.

Relieved a little at the fact that help was on the way, I sat in the car waiting for its arrival. As I was sitting quietly, watching cars pass by, I realized one thing. Not even one person stopped to help me after the accident. Not one passing by car, bike, cycle, pedestrian offered help.

A few slowed down to watch the wreck but drove away after watching the show. The world is full of bastards. Is decency and chivalry dead?

I sat in the car and waited for Gurnam. The sun was setting fast, leaving the night to envelope the sky. It was a good hour before I saw a car stop near me. I gave a huge sigh of relief as I saw Gurnam step out of it.

"Are you alright madam? Are you okay? Are you hurt?" Gurnam threw a volley of questions as he quickly walked over to me.

"Yeah... I am fine." I replied.

"Thank God." Gurnam said as he placed his hand on my shoulder.

"Let's take a look at the carrr... ohhh shit!" Gurnam yelled as he saw how I had almost totaled the car.

"It used to be a car... it's not anymore! How the fuck did this happen?" Gurnam said as he looked at me in horror.

'Are all men like this? The car is wrecked, that's a big deal but I could have died, that is not a big deal?' I thought as I looked at Gurnam angrily. I told him the entire story and relived the horror. Gurnam walked around the car a few times to inspect it.

"You said you went over that speed bump?" Gurnam asked.

"Yeah... " I replied.

"Hmmmm... " Gurnam said as he got down on his knees to check the bottom of the car. He looked around for a few minutes before getting up and started shaking his head.

"The damage is pretty bad. The axle is damaged and I think the wheel is too. Along with that, the bottom floor is damaged from the crash. Not to mention the broken headlamp and the fender and bonnet." Gurnam spelled out a laundry list of damages.

"What are we going to do?" I asked as I started sobbing again.

"Let me think." Gurnam replied.

"Can we drive it back?" I asked him.

"In this condition, let's not take that chance." Gurnam replied as he walked over to the driver's seat. He sat inside the car and tried to start it. The car started in the first try and I was a little relieved.

"At least it runs... " Gurnam said to himself.

"Madam... we can't drive this car. We will have to tow it." Gurnam said as he turned to me.

"How are we supposed to do that?" I asked.

"At this time of the day, we can't even tow it all the way back to my garage. I have a friend near by who owns a towing truck and also has a garage. Let me call him and see if he can help us." Gurnam said and took out his cell phone. Gurnam dialed a number and waited for a few seconds.

"Oye Pappu... How are you? Gurnam here... " Gurnam said as walked away little to talk. He talked for over a minute and came back when he was done with the call.

"Madam... help is on the way. My friend Pappu is coming here with his tow truck. He will tow your car back to his garage and we will follow him in my car. We will try and fix your car there so much so that we can drive back. I will work on the car once we get back home."

That sounded like the best option available at the moment and I instantly agreed. We sat in the car waiting for Gurnam's friend, occasionally making small talk. In a while my heightened emotions were in control. The fear and worry was somewhat gone knowing that there was a way out of this.

'Arjun!!... Shit' I yelped as I remembered my husband.

In all this chaos, I had forgotten to inform my husband. I was stuck on the highway, with a totaled car and I hadn't yet told my husband. I knew that Arjun would be mad and it was inevitable. I had to tell him anyway.

I got out of the car and walked a few yards away. I dialed Arjun's number and nervously waited him to respond. His cell phone kept ringing but he did not answer. I tried to call him again but to no avail. Perhaps Arjun was still busy in the meetings.

Right now I had nowhere to go but where Gurnam had suggested us to go. I went back to the car. Gurnam and I talked for a while before he got out and lit a cigarette. It was now completely dark and I was getting a little impatient waiting for this Pappu.

'What kind of a name is Pappu? Sounds to me like a kid's name.' I thought. I smiled at myself when I thought that we were going to be rescued by a kid.

As I was busy visualizing a scrawny kid, Gurnam called to me, "He is here... "

I saw a truck pulling over to the side of the road and then slowly towards us. As it got closer, the big, bright lights of the truck almost blinded me. I covered my eyes with my arm trying to block out light. The truck stopped but the lights were still on. I saw a man get down from the truck and walk towards us.

"Hey man." Gurnam said as he took a few steps towards the man.

"Hi man... long time huh... " The man said and embraced Gurnam in a very manly hug. After they were done with their bear hug, Gurnam and the man walked towards me.

"Aditi Madam... this is Pappu." Gurnam introduced us to each other. The man smiled and nodded. I too smiled and nodded.

Pappu was nothing like I had imagined. He was a full grown man. He was just a couple of inches taller than me, in fact Gurnam towered in height compared to both of us. He was definitely older than both of us, perhaps in his mid thirties. He had a rather large belly but I wouldn't call him fat. I would say he had a desi wrestler body, fat but with muscles around. I could only make out that much of him against the bright lights of the truck.

"Is that the car?" Pappu asked Gurnam.

"Yes." Gurnam replied.

Pappu got back to his truck and turned it around and reversed it near to bring it near my car. Gurnam immediately pulled out the towing cable and connected it to my car. He whistled to Pappu and Pappu towed the car back onto the road.

"Madam... let's get into my car. I will follow him to his garage." Gurnam told me. We walked over to his car and soon we hit the road, following my towed up car.

"How far is his garage?" I asked Gurnam.

"About 5 kilometers from here. We will get there soon." Gurnam replied with his eyes watching the road.

Soon we got off the highway and started driving on a bumpy village road. The winter cold had started setting in so I just rolled up the tinted windows. We passed a few houses along the way, perhaps one of those tiny hamlets on the road.

After a good twenty minutes, Gurnam slowed down the car and took a right turn onto a smaller road. A few meters down the road, we turned again into a driveway.

Our car stopped behind Pappu's truck. We got down from our respective vehicles and Pappu switched on the lights. The place was a garage, very similar to Gurnam's but was much smaller. The garage roof was slanting, like it is in villages and there were just a couple of cars in the garage.

Pappu went inside a shack and brought us chairs. I sat on one of them but Gurnam and Pappu preferred to stand. They both released the car from the tow cable and brought it down.

"Sorry Madam... I cannot offer you any refreshments right now. All the shops are closed for the day." Pappu said as he sat on the chair opposite mine. Gurnam too sat on the chair next to me.

Gurnam told Pappu about all the damages the car had suffered. They talked about how to go around fixing it, most of which zoomed above head.

"Does it start?" Pappu asked as he walked to my car.

"Yes it does." Gurnam answered as he followed Pappu.

"Okay. Let's take it to the platform then." Pappu said as he sat inside the car and started it.

Pappu drove the car over to the platform and Gurnam directed it precisely over the platform.

Pappu immediately out of the car and got under the platform to check the car. Gurnam too peeked under the car and the men then spent of few minutes there. I was too tired to get up and walk over and quietly watched them. Pappu got out from underneath the car and they both walked over to me.

"The car is pretty badly damaged; needs a lot of work." Pappu said as he stood a few feet away from me.

"How long will it take?" I asked, worried about being in a strange place with two men.

"The axle shaft is cracked and so is the floor. I think even the wheel is damaged. The wheel will hold on if the axle shaft does so we must first work on welding it." Pappu said.

"Do you have welding equipment here?" Gurnam asked Pappu.

"No... but there is a fabrication shop near by and they have one. But they must be closed now and they live far from here so we can't get their help." Pappu said.

"Gurnam... lets keep the car here and take your car. We will come here tomorrow." I said to Gurnam to which he nodded.

"I don't think it is a good idea madam. The roads here are bandit infested and incidences of mugging, looting and even murder happen often. In fact, just 2 days ago, two men were looted and beaten up so bad that one of them died on the spot and the other is battling for his life in the hospital. " Pappu said.

"So you mean I have to spend the night here. What rubbish." I said dismissing Pappu.

"Madam, how many cars did you see on the road while driving here? A very few isn't it? That is because of the bandit problem. I don't think it is worth taking risk here Gurnam especially in the company of a woman." Pappu said with concern.

"You are right. I have read and heard about these incidences." Gurnam said as he sat on the chair and lit a cigarette.

"Is there any hotel or lodge nearby where I can spend the night?" I asked Pappu.

"Haha... Madam... look around you, there are hardly a few houses here and the nearest hotel is in the city where you come from." Pappu replied.

"Then what am I supposed to do?" I yelled at Pappu.

"Madam, please don't worry. My room is just behind the garage where you can sleep. I and Gurnam will work on the car and then sleep in the tool shed over there."Pappu said as he provided me an option.

I thought over it for a few minutes. 'What choice do I have but to listen to him? At least Gurnam is there so I don't have to worry about being with a total stranger. I will wake up early in the morning and take Gurnam's car and head home even if he doesn't come with me.'

"Well Okay. Show me your room." I said as I stood up. Pappu and Gurnam stood up as well and we started walking. In a minute we were at his room.

Pappu first walked in and switched on the lights after which I and Gurnam walked in to the room.

The room was small but tidy. It had white, distempered walls, with a few posters of cars on one wall and a few posters of actresses on the other wall. There was a desk and a chair next to which there was a single bed. I kept my hand bag on the desk and pulled the chair to sit on it.

"Please make yourself comfortable madam." Pappu said.

"You stay here madam and take rest. We will go and work on your car." Gurnam said and they both walked out of the room.

I sat on the chair wondering what to do when I realized that Arjun still hadn't called back. I quickly took out the cell phone from the bag and called him.

"Damn it Arjun, pick up the phone." I almost yelled as I waited for him to answer the call.

I tried a couple of times more but he did not answer. I looked at my watch, it was quarter passed nine. The meetings must have been over by now then why hasn't he called back? I knew that such conferences were followed by parties at night and Arjun was a party boy. He must be busy hogging on the booze and the food.

I kept the cell phone on the desk and stood up. I walked around the room to check it out. There was a steel cupboard in front of the bed. The cupboard had a large mirror on it in front of which I stood.

I saw myself in the mirror. My skin had tanned a bit from being at the construction site all day and then being at the side of the road all evening. My face looked pretty tired and remnants of sweat were clearly visible on my forehead.

I was wearing a white salwar kameez and a matching dupatta. I had a black bindi on my forehead and tiny diamond earrings on my cute little ears. Like any decent woman would, I was wearing a white bra under my kameez but a black panty under the salwaar.

It was now pretty cold and the clean air of the village and the large open fields in the surrounding made it even colder. I had not taken a sweater along with me in the morning because I never thought I would end up here at this point. I thought I would be home with a couple of my friends celebrating the success of the project.

I walked around the room and at times sat on the bed or the chair, restless and nervous about being in a stranger's house. It was almost 10pm when I decided to sleep. I had to get up early and leave. That's what I thought I would do.

It was extremely cold and a couple of thick blankets on the bed were my only refuge. I pulled it on me and tried to sleep. As soon as I closed my eyes, the whole evening flashed in front of me. I went through the whole accident all over again to the point that I was about to hit the tree.

I opened my eyes when I couldn't take it anymore. I continued staring at the ceiling. There was an old, dusty fan just above me. I could hear both men talking and working. There were occasional sounds of hammering.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-04?page=2

Perhaps this didn't end as bad as it could. Perhaps I still would have been at the side of that road, with no help. Worse, the bandits caught me, now that was bad.

This was not the perfect situation but at least it was a consolation. I had two men, one who I knew and his friend repairing my car. I had a roof over my head, blanket over my body. I knew my car would be fixed up and I would be home in the morning. The whole day had been exhausting and in some time I drifted to sleep.

The howling dogs in the distance woke me up. The cold air, the swift wind and the howling dogs woke me up with a start. Another thing that woke me was hunger. I hadn't eaten anything since afternoon and I was now pretty hungry.

The worry, the nervousness had kept my mind off my hunger but now that things had settled down, it acted up again.

I looked at my watch my watch, it was 11.05 pm. I couldn't here all the hammering going on a while ago and the whole place was very quite. 'Where were they?' I thought as I got off the bed and slowly walked to the door of the room. I stepped out slowly and started walking to the garage.

I gripped my arms tightly and shivered as a blast of cold air hit me. Steam came out from my nose and mouth as I exhaled in the biting cold.

I walked to the garage and saw that both men weren't there. My car, Gurnam's car and Pappu's truck were still there but there was no sign of the men.

"Gurnam... Pappu... where are you?" I called out. I heard some noise coming from the tool shed and looked at it.

"We are here... in the tool shed." Gurnam called back. I walked over to the tool shed. The door was closed but not locked. I gently pushed the door and saw Gurnam and Pappu sitting on the floor.

They had laid out some newspapers and were sitting on their edges. In the middle of the sheets were two bottles of liquor and a bowl of snacks. Both men had cigarettes in their hands and they gently flicked the ash into the ash tray near them.

"Ohhh... sorry... uhhh... " I said as I tried to walk away from the room.

"Aditi Madam... what happened?" Gurnam asked me as he puffed in the cigarette.

"Uhh... nothing... I just wanted to see what you guys were doing so I came here." I replied, feeling absolutely awkward at that moment.

"We have done all that we could to fix your car. Now we have to wait for the fabricators to show up in the morning and get the welding done." Pappu spoke and sipped his drink.

"Uhh... okay... I will go back... uhh... " I said as I turned around to walk back to the room.

"Aditi Madam... relax... please have a seat. I insist." Gurnam said.

"No... it is alright. I will go back... you guys carry on." I replied trying get out of that awkward situation.

"Madam... Please don't hesitate. Just relax and sit with us. If you can't sleep then it's no point in staying in that room all alone. At least you have someone to talk to and pass time here." Pappu said.

Pappu was right. I would be bored to death in that room all alone and both these men had been complete gentlemen all this while. I knew Gurnam for quite sometime and his friend Pappu seemed like a nice guy.

Besides, if they wanted to do something, they could have done it long back, in fact they could do something to me even if I go back to the room. Thinking so, I stepped inside the room and walked over to them. I sat on the small 2 seat couch near Gurnam.

"You couldn't sleep?" Gurnam asked as he turned around to face me.

"No... I did go to sleep but I woke up because I was hungry." I replied.

"Ohhh... I completely forgot. Sorry madam, usually I cook a meal for myself but because I had to come to pick you guys and with all the work to be done, I just forgot to offer you some food." Pappu said.

"No problem... " I replied with faint smile.

"You can have these snacks, it will help a little." Gurnam said as he offered me a bowl of chips. I took the bowl and started eating the chips one by one.

I had left the shed door open and a cold gust of the winter wind flew inside. I shivered and winced as it hit me.

"Ohhh... one second madam, I will get a shawl or a blanket for cover." Pappu said as he got up and walked out of the room, closing the door.

"Aditi Madam... do you want to have a drink? It will help you stay warm?" Gurnam asked me.

"Noo... it is okay, Pappu is getting a blanket. I will be fine." I replied.

"Aditi Madam... you don't have to be so formal around me. I am your friend. So just relax." Gurnam said.

"Hmm... okay... what drink is it?" I asked.

"It is rum. Man's most loyal and faithful companion after a dog, Old Monk XXX rum." Gurnam said as he raised a half filled bottle of the rum and waived it in front of me.

"Hehee... what was that all about?" I asked Gurnam, amused at the phrase he used.

"Madam... The Old Monk is a fantastic thing. It is inexpensive, very effective and can take you places you can only imagine. In fact I feel that it is best thing that man has invented after language." Gurnam said with a big smile on his face.

"Ohh... very articulate and philosophical... hehehe... " I replied with a giggle after hearing Gurnam.

"See... it is the effect of Old Monk, the wise monk imparts his wisdom with each gulp." Gurnam said as he gulped down some rum from his glass.

"I have never had rum in my life." I said to Gurnam.

"You don't drink?" Gurnam asked me.

"I do... occasionally and I prefer my specific brands." I replied.

"Madam... look around. Do you think we are going to find your brands of booze around here?" Gurnam asked me mockingly.

"Should I pour you one?" Gurnam asked me holding the rum bottle in one hand and en empty glass in another.

"Ok... but make me a small one." I replied. Gurnam poured a small peg into the glass and then filled it with cold water. He offered me the drink and I took the glass from his hands.

"Here is a blanket for you madam." Pappu said just about entering the shed at the same time.

"Thank you Pappu." I said as I took the blanket from him and passed him the glass as I draped the blanket around my body.

"Ohh... so you joined the party as well? Welcome to the club." Pappu said as he gave me back the glass.

"Hehe... thank you." I said to Pappu. Pappu went and sat in his original place and started drinking.I raised the glass up to my lips and sipped on it.

"Yaaakkkk... It is strong... very strong... " I said as I tasted the rum. Both men laughed loudly watching my reaction.

"It is strong but don't worry, it will taste okay after a few more sips." Gurnam said.

The bitter taste of the rum was too bad enough but the after taste was worse. I munched on a couple of salted chips to neutralize that taste. Gurnam was right, the rum became bearable after a few sips and I was almost done with my peg in a few minutes.

"It has been such a long time since I and Pappu sat for a few round of drinks." Gurnam said as he lit a cigarette.

"Yeah... long time my friend." Pappu said as he took the cigarette from Gurnam and smoked it.

"You guys have known each other for a long time." I said as I finished my drink and held the cold, empty glass in my hand.

"Yeah... we are childhood friends. I am older to Gurnam but he is still my best buddy. In fact he got into this profession after he followed me into working in a garage." Pappu said as he gave back the cigarette to Gurnam.

"So you live here alone? No family?" I asked Pappu.

"My family lives in my native village. I visit them once a year. I have a couple boys working for me but they go home at day end." Pappu replied.

"Ohh look... your drink is finished. Want another?" Gurnam asked me.

"No... no... its fine. I have had enough." I replied. I didn't want to get drunk here and not right now.

"C'mon madam... I told you not to be so formal around us. We are friends." Gurnam said as he took the glass from my hand and started pouring another drink. This time it was larger than the previous one. He passed it to me and I just took it from him. It tasted good now and with the chips it tasted even better.

"Is your real name Pappu?" I asked Pappu. Gurnam erupted in laughter as he heard the question.

"What... did I say something wrong?" I asked Gurnam.

"No... No... his name is Joginder but we boys used to call him Pappu back in the day. He was older than most of us but was a geeky kid, kind of a village idiot when he was younger. So the name Pappu stuck, which also means a fool." Gurnam replied.

"Ohhh... sorry... I will call you Joginder now." I said to Pappu.

"Hehe... don't worry madam, you can call me Pappu. I am very used to it now. In fact I at times don't reply if someone calls me Joginder." Pappu said.

"Hahaha... okay Pappu." I replied.

I spent time listening to Gurnam and Pappu recount their stories and adventure from their das in the village. I was enjoying myself in a company of men who had a great sense of humor. Their childish antics were very amusing.

In a matter of minutes I finished my second and then the third drink. I now started feeling the buzz. But I wanted to continue listening to these guys. They were great conversationalist and I just got hooked on to their talks.

"Aah... the floor hurts my butt. I need to get off it right now." Gurnam said as he stood up and sat on the couch next to me.

"You know madam; Gurnam was a very naughty boy back in the day. He used to sneak up to the river and hide behind a rock or a bush and watch the village girls bathe." Pappu said.

"Hahahaha... I laughed at Gurnam listening to this.

"Yeah... and when you tried that; the girls caught you and beat you black and blue." Gurnam replied trying to give it back to Pappu. I laughed out louder as I heard that story.

I was finished with my fourth drink and Gurnam immediately filled me another. I just didn't care and started drinking it. I was now clearly high from the liquor. The alcohol and their smooth talk and lowered my guard. My inhibitions had lowered and that's when Gurnam made a move.

I was so engrossed in the talking and the drinking that I just didn't realize when Gurnam brought his hand over to my shoulder and started slowly rubbing it. I had taken off my blanket since I wasn't feeling the cold after so many drinks. I noticed his gentle caresses and looked at him and then at Pappu. Pappu faintly smiled at me.

"How long have you've known Gurnam?" Pappu asked me.

"For a year now, he services my car." I replied.

"Aditi is my best client. I look after all her needs... I mean her car's needs." Gurnam said as he continued caressing my shoulder and neck. Gurnam had never directly addressed me with my name.

He always added 'madam' to my name, even when we slept together before. I was surprised and looked at Gurnam to which he smiled back at me. I looked at Pappu who flashed a naughty smile and I smiled back meekly.

"Is she one of your specials clients Gurnam?" Pappu asked.

"Ohh yess... in fact she is the most special client." Gurnam replied.

"One of your specials clients? Are there more?" I mockingly asked Gurnam. What the fuck was I doing? I was drunk, being caressed in front of a stranger in a completely strange place and that statement didn't help.

"Nooo... Aditi... You are the only one, the most special." Gurnam replied with a smile.

"I have seen some of his special clients before Aditi Madam and you are the most beautiful of them all. No wonder you are his most special client." Pappu said.

I felt Gurnam's hand on my left breast. He had stealthily moved his hand from my shoulder, sneaked it under my left arm and cupped my breast. I gasped as Gurnam gave it a gentle squeeze.

I instantly looked at Pappu who flashed me a wicked smile. He gulped down the entire drink in one shot and got up. I watched him as he walked past us and out of the shed. As soon as he did, Gurnam turned my face towards him and kissed me.

"Hmmm... Gurnam... not here... not now!" I said as I broke the kiss and pushed Gurnam back.

"Why not Aditi?" Gurnam asked me as he yanked the dupatta off my body and threw it on the floor. He slid his hand down my chest into my kameez and squeezed my bra encased boobs. I moaned and closed my eyes as I felt Gurnam's cold hand play with my breasts.

"But Pappu... " I moaned trying to stop Gurnam.

"You don't worry about him Aditi. Just enjoy the moment... " Gurnam whispered in my ear before sucking my ear. He slowly kissed his way to my neck and gave it a gentle lick.

I moaned as I kept falling for his moves. I was completely lost in the erotic black hole and the way things were moving I didn't see a chance of getting out of it. Gurnam's gentle and sensual kisses broke down any resistance which was left behind after the rum guzzling.

"Aaaahhhh... " I moaned as Gurnam's hand slid inside my bra and flicked my nipple. The cold air had made them hard but the arousal made them rock hard.

Gurnam and I were busy kissing each other when I heard the shed door open. I opened my eyes and saw Pappu standing at the door. He smiled at me but I chose not to respond and closed my eyes and kissed Gurnam back.

A few moments later, Gurnam started kissing his way down my neck and settled on my cleavage. As Gurnam got busy licking and nuzzling my cleavage I opened my eyes again and this time I saw Pappu sitting close to us on the floor.

I could see the lust in his eyes; the blood shot eyes whose piercing gaze sent shivers down my spine.

Gurnam pushed me against the back rest of the couch and continued licking my cleavage. I saw Pappu slowly crawl towards me. He was slow and careful expecting me to kick him away but I didn't. My legs stayed in their place as Pappu finally reached me and placed his hands on my thighs.

I did not resist him. I don't know why but I simply did not resist him. Perhaps it was the cold, the alcohol and the erotically charged atmosphere that compelled me not to resist.

Perhaps it was the fear that if I resisted, the men would mercilessly rape me which I knew Gurnam was capable of if he wanted to. Or perhaps it was simply the deep underlying desire not to resist; letting things take their course.

Pappu caressed my thighs a few times and slowly slid his hands up to my pussy. He first cupped my pussy with his right palm before dragging his thumb along the length of my pussy. He did it again, this time applying more pressure and dragging his thumb over my pussy. I moaned as he did that.

"Gurnam... she is ready." Pappu said and as soon as he said, Gurnam stood up.

"Madam... this room is too small for us, let us go somewhere we have more space." Gurnam said as he held my hand and raised me from the couch. I quietly followed Gurnam as he held my hand and walked. Pappu was right behind me, carrying rum bottles and ogling my ass. We stepped out of the shed and started walking towards Pappu's room.

At that moment I felt like I was a death row convict being taken away for his executions. The emotions were mixed; fear, arousal, anxiety played havoc inside my inebriated mind. I was walking with two men to a room where I knew they would ravage me to their hearts content.

How did I get here? How did I let Gurnam manipulate me again? How could I fall for Gurnam's manipulation every time whether it was having sex in front of his employees or in the presence of his whore.

As these thoughts bounced around in my mind, we entered Pappu's room. We walked up to the bed and stopped right next to it. Gurnam grabbed me and started kissing me and Pappu got busy caressing my body over my clothes. He ran his hands down my waist and grabbed my ass before slapping it.

Pappu kneeled down as I and Gurnam continued kissing above. Pappu caressed my thighs before cupping my pussy with his palm. Gurnam moved his hands down to my breasts and started playing with them.

As I was busy kissing Gurnam and getting my boobs squeezed, I felt a tug at my waist. Pappu was busy untying my salwaar and was successful. He untied it and it slipped down in a jiffy. Gurnam wasn't left behind as lifted my kameez up over my raised arms and took them off.

My white bra came off with a click as Gurnam unhooked it with a flick of his right hand. Pappu was a little patient as he went around kissing and licking my thighs but soon enough got his hands inside my panties. In one swift downward pull, Pappu got them down to my feet. I gingerly stepped out of them and stood still.

Pappu took a step back as he admired my naked body whereas Gurnam stood right where he was. Gurnam wasn't a stranger to my naked glory having tasted it many times before. But Pappu's eyes appeared to be popping out of their sockets. Just the look confirmed that he hadn't seen a woman as beautiful and sexy as me.

The dirty look in his eyes made me awkward and I covered my breasts with my right arm and covered my pussy with my left palm. Gurnam swiftly pulled my hands away and let his friend enjoy the sight.

Once done with the sight seeing, Pappu stepped forward and grabbed my right breast. Gurnam followed suit and grabbed my left breast and both of them settled with one breast each. Both men simultaneously lowered their heads onto my breasts.

"Aaaahhh... haaaa... " I sighed as I felt my nipples being sucked. My boobs were my best asset and I was no stranger to them being sucked whether by Arjun or later by Gurnam. But this was the firs time; the very first time that both my boobs were being sucked on at the same time by two men one of whom I had never met before.

Even though both men were doing the same thing, their way of doing things were completely at odds. Pappu, the desperate guy was hungrily biting and sucking on my right tit, even making a futile attempt to take my entire tit into his mouth. He slobbered, licked and bit, leaving behind a wet boob with teeth marks over it.

Gurnam on the other hand knew exactly what he was doing, sucking my breast the way it should have been. He went about calmly licking my areola, gently squeezing my tit before sucking on my puffed up nipple. He knew his way around my body and knew how each caress, each kiss, each lick and each suck would evoke a different reaction from me. He knew every curve and contour of my body, having seen, touched and tasted it so many times before.

I gently placed my hand behind Gurnam's head, silently encouraging him. Pappu raised my right arm and moved his mouth to my underarm. I heard him take a deep breath, inhaling my scent and exhaling loudly in satisfaction. He dragged his tongue up along the length of my underarm and then all the way down.

I shivered and giggled a little at being tickled. Pappu again settled on my breast and resumed sucking it as hungrily as before.

Gurnam cupped my pussy and rubbed my clit sending a jolt up my spine. Pappu's hand too found my butt and caressed, squeezed and slapped it a few times. Two large pairs of hands were roaming freely on my body. I felt violated and aroused at the same time.

Violated, because two filthy low class men were playing with my body; one whom I had taken as a lover and the other, just a random guy who came out of nowhere just a few hours ago and was now enjoying the pleasures of my luscious naked body. I was aroused from these very facts and also that, two mouths and two pairs of hands were leaving no part of my body untouched.

Gurnam gently pushed me back and I fell on the bed. The two men stood right in front of me and started undressing. Here too, the things were different. Gurnam calmly shed his clothes and

Pappu dressed down as if his clothes were on fire. But however were their methods, they stood naked in front of me in a matter of seconds.

My eyes locked onto both their cocks as they dangled in front of me, erect and ready for action. I looked up at Pappu, checking out his naked body.

Pappu was a large guy but I wouldn't call him fat. He was a hefty, well built guy unlike Gurnam who had a chiseled, pumped up body. Pappu's large arms and forearms must have lifted a lot of weight in their time and their strength was evident. The only thing wrong about Pappu was his stomach; large and round from years of drinking and bad eating habits. A very hairy body made him look like a bear.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-04?page=3

Pappu's cock was of a little above average in length but the girth was completely abnormal. It was thick. A normal sized head gave way to a very thick shaft which again tapered towards the end. The dark foreskin had peeled up behind the bulbous purple glans and a shiny layer of pre cum covered it. A thick bush of black hair covered the base of the penis. His balls also had a sparse growth of hair.

I gently wrapped my hands around their cocks and slowly jerked them. I could feel their warm, slick cocks throbbing in my hand. After jerking it for a few seconds, I took the next obvious step. Gurnam being my lover, his big, beautiful cock was the obvious recipient of my oral favors.

My mouth slowly covered the pink, shiny cock head, pushing its foreskin further. I focused on the head, slowly licking the underside and swirling my tongue around it occasionally.

As I bobbed my head on the cock, I looked up at Gurnam. His lust filed eyes displayed a sense of satisfaction and the hunger to do a lot more. His mouth was a little open and his chest rose and fell with his each sigh. His cock twitched and his hips jerked as I bit his cock lightly on a couple of occasions.

"Aditi... Pappu and I haven't shared just a childhood and a few memories, we have also shared women. So why don't you make my best friend feel just the way you make me feel with that wonderful mouth of yours." Gurnam said as he withdrew his cock out of my mouth.

He grabbed the top of my head and turned it towards Pappu. My mouth was still open when Pappu lunged forward and shoved his cock in my mouth. He grabbed my head and started fucking my mouth. His rough shoves pushed his cock right up to my throat, making me gag.

"Uummphhhffhh... What the fuck is wrong with you? It hurts you idiot!" I screamed at Pappu as I pushed him back. I loved my mouth being fucked but Gurnam's way was controlled and firm. Pappu was shoving his cock in my mouth and his hip in my face like a mad dog.

Pappu was taken aback at my sudden outburst and moved back a couple of steps.

"Hahaha... Pappu you fool. Aditi, please forgive my friend for that. Pappu... now let me show how it is done." Gurnam said as he held my head and moved it to face his cock.

He firmly placed his hands on my cheeks and brought his cock to my lips. I moved forward and took his cock inside my mouth. Gurnam waited a few seconds for my mouth to get adjusted to his cock before slowly pushing it forward half way before pulling back till the tip was at my lips.

Gurnam slowly fucked my mouth, inserting only half his penis before withdrawing. As we set into a rhythm, Gurnam left my cheeks and bunched my hair in his right hand and slightly increased his speed and depth of his penetration of my mouth. He brought his left hand down to my boobs and grabbed my right one.

As my mouth was being fucked expertly, I glanced over at Pappu. He was vigorously jerking his cock watching us. I felt like a slut, being tag teamed by two men. I had never been in this situation. I had never seen a man masturbate while watching me have sex. This was not voyeurism; this was right in front of me. Pappu was leering at me, still jerking his cock, waiting his turn.

Gurnam let go off me and stepped back. I was almost panting from the mouth fuck I had just received. Pappu stepped up and stood in front of me. I looked up at him sternly as a warning. Even though I was being taken by these two men, I wasn't a down market 100 buck whore. I had the pussy, so I still had the ace card. I didn't intend to be in this situation but now that I was, I had to maintain a status quo.

I opened my mouth wide to accommodate Pappu's thick cock, still looking at him a little seriously. I wrapped my lips around Pappu's cock as it slowly entered my mouth. I expected him to start fucking but he didn't move and neither did I.

Sensing hesitation from his side, I took the initiative and started sucking the cock head. I slowly inched forward, gobbling up more and more of his cock in my mouth, widening it as the thick shaft moved in. I pulled back and a moment later took him in my mouth again.

Pappu placed his hands on my shoulder and started moving his hips as he slowly fucked my mouth. Even though I had sucked his cock a few minutes ago, I couldn't taste it because of his sudden and violent thrusting in my mouth. But now that some sense of civility had been restored, my mind registered the taste. Pappu's cock didn't taste bad. It was a little tangier than Gurnam accompanied by the usual manly genital aroma.

Gurnam was standing a couple of feet away from us with his right hand on his hip and his left hand slowly stroking his cock. I reached over to him and pulled him close. Both men were now standing next to each other, their hips touching each other gently. Their cocks were just a couple of inches away from each other.

I looked up to them and smiled, knowing that these two wonderful cocks were mine now. I lashed out tongue against Gurnam's piss slit. I wriggled my tongue on the piss slit and watched in amusement as his cock twitched wildly. Gurnam gently lifted his cock and placed it against his stomach allowing me to lick the entire length of it. I licked the balls making them wet and slowly moved the tip of my tongue along the length of the cock before I popped it inside my mouth.

"Aaaahh... you sexy bitch... that's it... haaaaa... " Gurnam moaned as I rapidly bobbed my head on his cock.

Pappu wasn't spared either as I withdrew from Gurnam and meted out the same treatment to his cock. I alternately sucked on their cocks, digging my sharp nails into their butts, pulling them deeper into my mouth.

As I was sucking on Pappu's cock, he suddenly pushed my head back and took his cock out of my mouth. He grabbed my chin with his right hand and held the base of his cock with the thick fingers of his left hand. He then slapped his cock on my lips and nose. Pappu started slapping his cock harder on my face; a few slaps later I took my tongue out and the cock slapped against my tongue.

Gurnam took the slapping further when he swung his hip, making his cock slam against my cheek. I had never been slapped before and even though this wasn't an open handed slap, Gurnam's thick cock packed a mean one to sting my soft skin. Taking a cue from Gurnam, Pappu too started slapping his cock on my cheek. The two men wildly swung their hips, slapping their cocks on my cheek; their cum and spit covered cocks left behind stains on my face.

"Hahahaha... what the... haha... what the hell are you guys doing... stop it... haha... " I said trying to stop the madness.

The men didn't stop but rather slapped harder. It started hurting and that's when I decided to stop this. I grabbed both their ball sacks and squeezed them hard. The men stopped immediately and moaned in pain as my hands gripped their balls. I took Pappu's cock in my mouth and bit it, a little harder than usual.

"Aarrghh... " Pappu moaned in pain as my teeth hurt his cock.

"Yeah... that's right you dog... that is for starting this." I replied to his moans.

I decided to take pity on him and immediately started sucking his cock, relieving his pain with my soft, warm mouth.

"Pappu... pass me that bottle... aaaahh... " Gurnam said.

Pappu immediately reached over to the bottle of rum on the table nearby and took a swig of rum and passed the bottle to Gurnam. Gurnam gulped down some rum and looked down at me.

"Do you want some?" Gurnam asked as he shook the bottle lightly.

"Umm... hmmm... " I said and nodded and took Pappu's cock out of my mouth. I moved over to Gurnam and placed my open mouth under his cock head.

"Now give it to me." I said to Gurnam as my tongue slowly licked the underside of his cock head.

"Aaahh... Aditi you slut... you still surprise me." Gurnam said as he lowered the bottle to his cock and slowly turned it over.

The stream of red rum fell on Gurnam's cock and slowly dripped into my mouth. I chugged it down as it filled my mouth. A few drops of rum bounced off Gurnam's cock and fell on my face. I giggled lightly as those drops ran down my face, tickling my gentle skin.

Gurnam stopped as my mouth filled with rum. I closed my lips around his cock and started sucking him. I looked up at Gurnam and saw him busy gulping down the rum from the upturned bottle with his left hand while his right hand grabbed my head and pushed it against his cock. Thrusts from his cock pushed the rum down my throat and one could clearly hear the rum splashing in my mouth as my tongue swirled around his shaft. The mixture of rum and cum tasted fantastic and I hungrily gulped it down.

'Rum & Cum could be sold as a premix and it would be a huge hit.' I thought and giggled a little.

Gurnam pulled out of my mouth and I gulped down the remaining rum in one shot. The blowjob session was mind blowing but it left me a quiet tired, after all I had never blown two men at the same time for such long durations. I lay down on the bed, trying to catch my breath. The large swigs of rum were now hitting me as I started feeling high.

With my droopy eyes, I saw the men gulp down the rum. The bottle which was full a couple of minutes ago, was now almost empty. As I lay there quietly, I saw the men move again. Pappu got onto the bed and Gurnam kneeled down in front of me.

Pappu kneeled next to me and lowered himself onto my breasts. He grabbed and squeezed my right boob in both his hands, making the already hard nipple protrude further. Pappu soon got down to sucking and biting my boobs, this time much better than previously. Pappu's big head prevented me from seeing what Gurnam was doing down there but I could feel his moves.

Gurnam placed my legs on his shoulder and a second later I felt his mouth on my pussy. I moaned and slightly lifted my butt off the bed as Gurnam drove his tongue into my pussy. I placed my hand on Gurnam's head and pushed him further into my pussy. I ran my hand through his thick hair as I felt his thick, raspy tongue moving up and down my slit before wriggle on my clit. I moaned as Gurnam did that but screamed when he bit my clit.

As Gurnam was busy sucking my clit, I felt his finger inside my pussy. The thick finger and his thick tongue were pushing me towards an orgasm. My body had been pushed towards erotic peak for a while now and I could sense a massive orgasm approaching.

Meanwhile Pappu was hungrily sucking my tits, turning them slightly red from the surge of blood. I grabbed Pappu's cock and started jerking it, at times shifting to his balls to squeeze them, evoking a moan from Pappu. The incessant assault on my cunt and my boobs brought on the orgasm.

"Aaahhh... Aaaaahhh... Aaaahhh... Aaaiiiii... " I screamed as orgasm hit me. I arched my back as the first and the biggest orgasm yet hit me. Gurnam and Pappu held down my thrashing body as the orgasm possessed me and I almost passed out.

As Pappu rose, Gurnam came into view. He was kneeling on the edge of the bed, stroking his cock. I immediately sat up and pulled Gurnam towards me. I grabbed his cock and jerked it a few times before popping it inside my mouth. I spat a large glob of saliva on his cock and spread it all over by my thin fore finger. I sucked his cock, letting my saliva flow, lubricating it for what was about to happen.

After prepping Gurnam's cock for a vaginal invasion, I grabbed a couple of pillows near me on the bed and placed my head on them as I lied down, waiting for the inevitable. The stack of pillows raised my head to give me a spectacular view of our aligned genitals.

Gurnam slowly placed his cock on my pussy. My breathing got intense as I expected Gurnam to penetrate me but instead he started rubbing his cock on my cunt. The rubbing was itself pleasurable but I was desperate to have him inside me.

"Aaah... Gurnam... please just do it." I pleaded him to fuck me but Gurnam didn't listen but rather rubbed his cock harder on my clit, evoking a louder moan from me.

I slapped his hand away from his cock and grabbed it before placing it at the entrance of my pussy. I placed my heels on his buttocks and pulled him towards me, pushing his cock inside my pussy.

"Aaaaaaahhhh... ssss... ssss... " I moaned as Gurnam's cock slowly slid inside my pussy. Gurnam slowly pushed himself forward and within seconds his cock was completely buried inside my cunt. Gurnam lowered himself onto me and pinned my hands down on either side of my head.

He lowered himself further and let his lips touch mine and I immediately latched onto his mouth. As Gurnam slowly started stroking my pussy, our kiss got deeper. Gurnam broke the kiss and took his tongue out of his mouth. I too did the same thing and touched his tongue with mine.

Our tongues wriggled and lashed against each other as Gurnam fucked me a little faster. Our tongue fight came to an end as Gurnam pulled his mouth away and lowered it onto my breasts. He let go off my hands which I immediately wrapped around his head as he bit my nipples. I locked my legs on his butt and raised my ass a little; letting his cock slide deeper into my pussy.

Gurnam sat up straight after munching on my breasts. He pulled my legs together and placed them straight up on his chest. He grabbed my knees to keep my legs close to his chest. With that, my pussy tightened around his cock adding to the tightness of my pussy and the friction with his cock.

As he fucked me, Gurnam kissed my calves and my feet and then moved to my ankles to suck them. His lips and tongue on my legs felt amazing and add to that his cock fucked my tight pussy, made me moan loud in pleasure.

I noticed Pappu standing near the bed and smoking a cigarette. I had failed to notice his absence because I was so busy and distracted from being fucked by Gurnam. Pappu got on the bed, still smoking the cigarette and kneeled next to my head.

He passed on the cigarette to Gurnam and slapped his cock on my cheek. I turned to face his cock and he promptly stuffed it inside my mouth.

As Pappu's cock fucked my mouth and Gurnam's cock fucked my pussy, I realized that I was now truly being tag teamed in my first threesome. I had fantasized this a few times before but it was always with a man and a woman. At times those fantasies included me, my husband and another woman, someone I knew from work or had simply seen somewhere. The sexual partners in those fantasies were befitting my social status but in reality my first threesome was now with two men; mechanics, who I had never in my wildest dreams and my scariest nightmares had thought I would sleep with.

As I was sucking Pappu's cock, I glanced over at Gurnam. He was calmly smoking the cigarette but thrusting his cock hard inside my pussy. I saw a thick, grey chunk of ash form at the tip of the cigarette. Gurnam noticed it too and gently flicked his cigarette right above me stomach.

"Aarrrrghhhh... " I yelled as the hot ash touched my skin. The pain receded a second later as my shaking body pushed the ash over.

Gurnam burned out his cigarette on the thick ring on his finger and threw the bud away. He stop fucking me and withdrew and sat on the bed next to me. At the same time, Pappu too withdrew from my mouth and crawled over to my legs. I realized that the men were changing places.

Pappu dug his fingers under my back and pushed me over on my stomach. He crawled over to my legs and then grabbed my waist to prop me up on my knees. I supported my upper body on my hands as got into the doggie style pose.

To this day in my life, the only men to fuck me were my husband and Gurnam but now a third man was about to fuck me and I showed no resistance or reluctance to stop it. I expected Pappu's cock to hit my pussy but instead felt his tongue.

I turned back to see Pappu kneeling with his face between my ass and his hands on my butt cheeks. Pappu licked my freshly fucked pussy for a good couple of minutes before he got up to fuck me. He grabbed my ass and a second later shoved his peculiarly thick cock inside my pussy.

"Aaahhh... " I moaned in pleasure and slight discomfort as Pappu's thick shaft stretched my pussy. I lowered my head and bit my lips in pleasure as my ass absorbed his strong thrusts.

With his stroking, Pappu showed he was no amateur in banging pussy, but an expert in the art. His thick shaft was remarkably different that Gurnam's or Arjun's. Pappu didn't hit the depths of my pussy but stimulated the nerves on its walls.

I felt a finger on my chin and I raised my head to see Gurnam kneeling in front of me with his cock an inch away from my mouth. I didn't need any further instructions as I promptly took it inside my mouth and started sucking it.

"How does your pussy taste Aditi?" Gurnam asked me, referring to the coat of my vaginal juices on his cock which I was sucking.

"As good as your cock... Gurnam!" I said and winked as I took his cock out of my mouth to reply.

"And how does Pappu's cock feel Aditi?" Gurnam asked.

"Gooooodddd... Aaaahhhh... " I replied as Pappu fucked me harder to evoke that response.

"You like that don't you slut... you cum hungry bitch." Gurnam said as grabbed my head and stuffed his cock back inside my mouth.

"Ummmmmm... " I moaned in approval as both men fucked the either opening of my body. I felt like a pig on a spit roast as both my ends were poked by these rods like cocks. Gurnam bunched up my hair in his hands and started fucking my mouth hard. I held on to his hips for support as I gagged on his cock.

Pappu brought his hand down to my clit and started flicking it at the same time as Gurnam squeezed my breasts one after another. I wasn't impervious to such sexual stimulation and another huge orgasm set on its way. Pappu's hard strokes made me moan louder but those moans were muffled by Gurnam's cock which was fucking my mouth equally hard, if not more.

"Uummmm... ummm... ummmpphfff... " I screamed as the orgasm came. Gurnam immediately withdrew seeing me shiver and buck, fearing I would bit his cock off in the throes of the orgasm. Pappu too withdrew and stood back as I screamed from the orgasm. I collapsed on the bed still shivering as the orgasm passed over.

After a while I sat up, still trying to normalize my breath. Both men were standing near the bed watching me bounce around like a fish out of water.

"Can I get some water?" I asked Pappu. Pappu quietly walked over to one corner of a room and came back with a bottle of water. I hurriedly opened the bottle and started gulping down the water. The alcohol and the exhaustion had left me very thirsty and I drank the water like a man lost in the desert. I almost emptied the bottle and kept it on the floor near the leg of the bed.

I saw Gurnam standing near the bed behind me and Pappu was sitting on the bed, resting against the small headrest. His legs were spread wide and his swollen cock stuck out of his groin. He signaled me to come to him and I quietly obeyed. I crawled up to him and lay down between his legs on my stomach. I kissed his cock a couple of times and started sucking him.

A few short sucks later, I looked back at Gurnam. I spread my legs a little to open up my pussy, giving him a clear signal to join in. Gurnam didn't waste a second and quickly got on the bed and straddled my legs and rested his body on his hands which were on either side of my chest. I watched him as slowly guided his cock into my pussy and started stroking it. Once Gurnam was in, I turned my head to face Pappu's cock and began sucking him.

The proceedings this time were not as hectic as before. Gurnam fucked me in deep, medium paced strokes rather than the short, hard strokes he used a few minutes ago. I too was leisurely sucking Pappu's cock; gently bobbing my head up and down, occasionally removing it from my mouth to kiss it, jerk it, to lick the shaft and his balls.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-04?page=4

I had completely surrendered to these men and they too had realized it and now a comfort zone had formed as we relished each other's bodies and the change of pace was a welcome relief.

As I was busy letting these two men devour my body and enjoying them doing it, I heard a faint sound of music. It took me a few seconds to realize that it was my cell phone. I was sure it was none other than my husband, Arjun. I had called him many times over the last few hours but he didn't respond.

He didn't find time the whole evening to call his wife who had been through so much trouble; his poor helpless wife who had an accident and was stuck on a dangerous highway, who found help from two men who made things right.

He didn't call when these two relatively strangers got her off the road and helped calm her nerves but he called when his wife was in a way thanking these two men for their help; he called when his wife was busy having the best night of her life as two men played with her body and pounded her pussy. These men had given her a bed to sleep; on which she was currently performing another activity with them. They had provided her food and drinks, under whose influence she currently was and it was what compelled her.

All those thoughts didn't seem important but taking that call was my priority. The men also heard the ringtone but had not intentions of letting me go. As I tried to take Pappu's cock out of his mouth and get up, he held my head and pushed it down on his cock. Gurnam too pinned down my shoulders making it difficult for me to move.

I struggled to free myself but I had been caught hold of tightly by these strong men. The struggle continued till the phone stopped ringing. The men loosened their grip on me once the call ended.

"You assholes... it was my husband... why didn't you let me go?" I yelled at them.

"Hahaha... madam... I don't think you wanted to go?" Pappu said as he rubbed his cock on my lips.

"Fuck You Pappu and Fuck You Gurnam... " I yelled at both the men.

"Aditi... calm down. It's good that you didn't take the call. What were you going to tell him in this state? Where were you? What were you doing? How were you going to answer him?" Gurnam replied in a calm but stern voice. His statement momentarily shut me up.

"But what will he think if I don't pick up his call. He will be worried." I said as I tried to put up an argument.

"Don't worry. He is going to think that you didn't pick up the call because you are deep asleep. Look at the clock, its 1.35am." Gurnam replied and killed my argument.

I looked up at the clock and he was right; it would have been very difficult to explain to Arjun what had happened but it would have been far more difficult to justify my presence in a stranger's house at this time of the night.

Once he quelled my concerns and shut me up, Gurnam withdrew his cock from my pussy and lied down on his side next to me. He pulled me to him and I too was now lying on my side; I rested my upper body on my forearm.

He raised my right leg in the air and placed his cock at my pussy and slid it in. As I was being spooned by Gurnam, Pappu got up and kneeled in front of my mouth. He didn't have to spell out what he wanted me to do and I quickly started sucking his cock.

It wasn't long before we three set into a comfortable rhythm as Gurnam fucked my cunt and I sucked Pappu's cock. As I was being drilled from both side, I heard my phone ringing again. I knew who it was but this time I didn't bother and continued what I was doing.

The men went into overdrive as they heard my phone ring and banged me harder. It perhaps turned them on, knowing that they were fucking me knowing that my husband who was desperately calling me; completely oblivious to the fact that I was in bed with two men. The call ended seconds later but the men continued fucking me with the same ferocity.

"Gurnam... I want to fuck this bitch now... aaahhh... " Pappu said as he fucked my mouth. Gurnam immediately stopped and got out of me.

He got off the bed and walked away. As I was wondering where he was going I heard a slap. I looked at Pappu who was lying on the bed and slapping his thighs, suggesting me my next move. I quietly crawled over to Pappu and straddled him. I held his cock straight up and slowly sat on it. His cock smoothly went to the hilt inside my pussy.

I slowly started rocking back and forth, riding Pappu's cock. I watched Pappu wincing and grimacing as my pussy tightly squeezed his cock where as I too was moaning and cooing as his cock rubbed my pussy walls. I saw Gurnam walk back inside the room, drinking rum from a new bottle.

'Fuck... this guy can drink!' I thought as he walked to the bed and got on it. Pappu pulled me down and locked his hands behind my back, raising my ass for Gurnam. I looked back a little to see Gurnam was nearing me from behind, stroking his erect cock. I knew what was about to happen.

I wasn't an anal virgin; in fact Arjun loved banging my ass and I loved it as a added variety to our sex. We had started doing it anal a couple of years ago and were now frequently doing it, so I wasn't worried about being fucked in the ass. What I was worried about was taking Gurnam's monster cock up my ass.

I knew resistance was futile so I didn't struggle as Gurnam approached me. Pappu too sensed him coming and stopped. Gurnam kneeled right behind me and I felt his cock touch my asshole. I felt a warm glob of saliva on my asshole as Gurnam spit on it to lubricate. He spit on his cock too and smeared it over. I placed his cock on my asshole and pushed it in.

"Aaahhh... " I yelled as Gurnam's thick cock head pierced my ass. My breath quickened as I braced for total penetration.

"Aaaahhhh... slowllyyy... pleaseee... " I pleaded to Gurnam as his thick shaft went in.

"Fuck! It went in so fast? Aditi... you are a real whore... " Gurnam said, remarking on his completely buried cock.

I had been cunt fucked and ass fucked numerous times but never together. I could feel both their cock inside me. All three of us didn't move so that I could get used to this peculiar position. A minute later Gurnam slowly started stroking my tight little ass hole with his thick cock. Seeing him, Pappu started moving too. I was sandwiched between two men with their cocks inside my holes as they slowly moved to fuck me.

It took us sometime to co-ordinate our movements but as we got a hang of this, we started moving faster. We settled into such a fantastic rhythm, moving in unison as if this was all choreographed. The pain had now been completely replaced my raw, unbridled pleasure.

This was amazing! I had never been double penetrated but now that I had experienced it, I wondered why I hadn't done this before! No wonder two cocks are better than one!

We all were in the throes of passion. Gurnam was grunting as he pummeled my ass, Pappu's moans were muffled as he dug his face in my boobs and sucked on them; where as I was screaming in pure pleasure as my two lovers fucked me hard.

"Fuck me... yeaaah... don't stop... Fuccckkkk!!... Aaahhh." I screamed as Gurnam grabbed my hair and pulled them hard.

"Aaahhh... Gurnam... what a babe! Can you feel her, so tight?" Pappu moaned.

"Yeah... She is the best bitch I have ever fucked... Oh God she is tight... " Gurnam yelled as he continued fucking my ass.

"I am cumming... I am cumming... aaahhh... " I screamed as the biggest orgasm of my life came in like a speeding freight train. Hearing me the men started fucking me harder and I came hard seconds later.

"Aaaahhh... shit... shit... naaaaaaa!!" I screamed as I came. The men continued fucking me even as I writhe and screamed from the orgasm.

Gurnam pulled out of me and as soon as he did, Pappu rolled me over so that he was on top of me. Pappu fucked me faster and harder. His cock twitched inside me, signaling his orgasm.

"Not inside me... not inside me... " I screamed at Pappu and he obliged. He withdrew from my pussy and straddled my chest and as soon as he did that, his cock ejected this huge jet of cum.

"Aaaahh... Fuck!!... haaaaa... " Pappu screamed as he emptied his nuts on my face. Pappu collapsed on the bed next to me in orgasmic bliss where as I was in shock from receiving a facial. Gurnam quickly stepped in and started fucking me.

My face was covered in one man's cum while I was being fucked, waiting to take the load of another man.

I sensed that Gurnam too was close to cumming as he fucked me in hard, erratic strokes. I wrapped my hands behind his neck and locked my feet on his ass as we fucked in unison; moaning and grunting from another impeding orgasm.

"I am gonna cum... gonna cummm... " Gurnam grunted loudly. I didn't say anything but screamed louder and pulled him closer. Seeing me do that pushed Gurnam over the edge and he came.

"Aarrrrrggghhhh... Aditiiii... " He screamed as his cock shot thick spurts of cum deep inside my pussy. I felt as if my pussy would fill up from his cum as he continued unloading his jizz inside me.

"Yeaaaahhhhh... " I moaned as I came too. I came not just from the extreme arousal but also from the fact that I had let Gurnam a man who wasn't my husband cum inside me.

Gurnam collapsed on me, burying his head in my neck, gently kissing it as he got down from an orgasmic high. I glanced at Pappu who was sleeping by now but I and Gurnam were still wide awake, recovering from our respective orgasms. I cooed and sighed as Gurnam's cock twitched inside my pussy, oozing out drops of remnant cum.

Gurnam withdrew from my cock with a 'plop' and lied down next to me. No words were spoken any more as I gently drifted to sleep.

Later that night...

An unbelievable thirst woke me up. The alcohol and the night's frenzied orgy had distracted my body from its basic needs to its primal carnal needs. I sat up trying to find the water bottle but couldn't. I got off the bed and walked over to the corner of the room to the pot of water. The light bulb outside the room shined bright, enough for me to navigate through the room. I poured water inside a glass and drank the water. I filled glass after glass and drank the water, as if I had tasted it the first time.

Once I was done quenching my thirst, I took a stock of my body. I could feel the dry cum stains of my face and my body ached from all the squeezing, biting and sucking it had received. I could feel Gurnam's cum leaking out of my pussy, making its way down my inner thighs. I poured some water in my palm and washed the dried cum off my face.

I walked over to the table to check my cell phone. Before I unlocked my phone, I glanced over to the bed. Gurnam was on the left side of the bed and Pappu was on the right. The space between them had been occupied by me.

I unlocked my cell phone and the first thing I noticed were Arjun's missed calls. I also noticed the time, it was 3.15am.

'Should I call him?' were my first thoughts as I saw his name on the screen.

'What am I going to tell him now? And what am I going to tell him tomorrow anyway?' I thought as I tried to reason my thought to call him.

'If I call him now, I will have to answer some really tough questions but if I call him tomorrow, I will have enough time to figure out something to tell him.' I thought as I made a decision not to call my husband.

As I was busy staring at my cell phone, I felt a pair of hands grab my shoulder. I gasped and was about to yell when I realized who it was; it was Gurnam.

"Wondering what to do?" Gurnam asked me as he gently moved my hair off my shoulder and placed a delicate kiss on it.

"I was but now I am not." I replied as I held his hands and brought them to my breasts. Gurnam gently cupped them and gave them a squeeze. I sighed and closed my eyes as Gurnam pleasured me with his hands and his lips. I placed my hand behind his head and pulled him over for a kiss.

"Ummmmm... " I moaned in his mouth as I felt his erect cock poking my butt crack. I broke the kiss and slowly lowered my chest and pushed my butt toward his cock. Gurnam needed no second invitation as he spread my butt cheeks and inserted his cock in my pussy.

He held on to my shoulders as he rapidly stroked my pussy. But louder than my moans and his balls slapping my pussy was Pappu. He was loud snores sounded more like a generator, filling the room. Pappu was such a buzz kill, ruining me and my lover's personal time.

"Should we go somewhere else?" I asked Gurnam.

"I was about to suggest that, my slut."Gurnam said as he withdrew from my pussy and grabbed a couple of thick woolen blankets from the bed.

A few minutes later I was lying on the bonnet of my car with my legs around Gurnam's butt as he fucked me hard. One blanket was placed below me while the other was over Gurnam, not just covering us both from the biting cold but also adding to the warmth and passion to our love making.

"Uhhh... Uhhhh... Yeahh... Uhhhh... " I grunted as Gurnam's cock pummeled my pussy with deep, hard strokes, staring into each other's eyes.

"Open your mouth." Gurnam said and I complied immediately. Gurnam spit a large glob of saliva and it dripped of his mouth and fell into mine. His act, rather than disgusting me, turned me on even more as I hungrily lapped it up. I mixed it with my own saliva and let it pool on my lips. Our mouths immediately locked for a kiss and we devoured each other.

There I was being fucked on my own car; the car that started it all. The car was the reason I met Gurnam. It was through this car that Gurnam seduced me. It was in this car that my affair started with Gurnam began.

From fucking me countless times in my car, in my house and in the confines of his garage; to fucking me in the presence of others to sharing me with his friend, Gurnam had made me a part of his dirtiest, wildest and the most pleasurable fantasies. And I, I had enthusiastically been part of all of it. From swallowing his cum, to eating his saliva to letting his cum inside me; I had done it all.

I was now truly Gurnam's whore. But I wasn't complaining because You Live Only Once...

Next Morning...

I stepped out of Pappu's room fully clothed, the first time since last morning. The sun right above our heads as noon set in. I had slept in late after a sleepless night but when I woke up, I didn't see the men near me. I walked over to the garage and saw the men standing near my car.

"It is ready Aditi Madam." Pappu said as he started the car.

"We have managed to fix it up enough to drive it back to the city. I will work on it at my garage." Gurnam said as he walked over to me.

"Thank you so much guys; Pappu how much do I have to pay you?" I asked Pappu as I opened my bag to take out my purse.

"Ohhh... no... no... Aditi Madam... you can pay me some other time. Right now you go home and take rest; you need it." Pappu said and winked at me.

I smiled a little at his remark and walked over to the car. I and Gurnam got into the car and we waved to Pappu before Gurnam started driving the car.

Some other time...

"Ummmmmm... " I moaned as Pappu banged me harder. My moans were muffled my Shanti's mouth as we engaged in a passionate kiss.

All of us were in Gurnam's office one afternoon when Pappu demanded his payment. Soon, I and Shanti were on our fours, facing each other as Pappu fucked me and Gurnam fucked her. The petite, pretty village damsel and her trembling lips were too enticing for me as I moved forward to kiss her. Shanti kissed me back showing no hesitation, shock or surprise.

"Hahaha... look at them go... " Gurnam said remarking on his two whores kissing.

"This is the best form of payment." Pappu said and laughed.

"I agree... " Gurnam said and slapped Shanti's ass hard, pushing her further to me.

'I agree to that as well.' I thought and I continued kissing Shanti as Pappu collected his 'payment'.
