the-french-connection-ch-03-1

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-french-connection-ch-03-1

Varun had been gone for 3 days now and I was back to the same old routine. I would go for a jog albeit a little late than usual.

I was trying to avoid Jacques after a series of incidences between us. The memories of the stormy evening and the dinner were still fresh.

Once home, I would get back to doing my chores and other work and in the mean time I would laze around.

The memories of the evening kept playing inside my confused little mind again and again. The way he remarked on my breasts, the way he kissed me and the under the table play; the kiss in the living room, the soft squeeze during the selfie and several other instances of our past lingered in my mind till the point I was only thinking of it.

What had emboldened him to do something like this? Was it his nature? When I had first met him he seemed to be a gentleman but now he seemed something else. Was he always like this or had I provoked him?

My silence, my blushes and my smiles perhaps emboldened him. I cursed myself for not stopping him and nipping the whole thing in the bud.

I don't know what came over me when I was with him. From the very first time when I caught him ogling at my cleavage to the evening in my home, I had silently let him, not at once stopping him apart from a rare feeble no.

The more I thought about it, the more I would get turned on. The attention Jacques showered upon me was something that I craved for. A husband away for months, a job that allowed a lot of free time and most of all...loneliness was what I had to deal with. Apart from the women in my building, I mostly had no friends.

Ever since I had moved to Mumbai from my native city, I lost touch with most of my friends. Most women I was friends with were older than me, whether they were colleagues at work or in the building.

Being a married woman, I never really had company of other men even if it was platonic. The Mangalsutra hanging around my neck was the 'Fuck Off' sign that all Indian men read. Jacques not only became my friend but kind of made me feel young again.

When I was with him I didn't feel like a middle aged married woman, I didn't feel like a typical boring school teacher. I felt like the same bubbly twenty year old that I was long ago.

His eyes displayed his craving and that made me feel wanted, desired. Being the object of his desire made my loins tingle. The idea that a handsome young man was attracted to me pushed me towards him. I had slowly started craving him too.

Not that Varun was bad in bed, he was pretty good but our passionate days on his short trips back home didn't compensate for his long absences. I am a woman and I want to feel loved, desired and touched and I want it often.

A couple of more days passed since Varun had left and I stuck to my routine of going late for jogging. After finishing my jog, I stood near the elevator as it came down to the ground floor. When the elevator arrived and the door opened, I saw Jacques standing inside. I was a little startled since I had been avoiding him every since and now he was standing in front of me.

Dressed in crisp formals, he smiled at me as he stepped out of the elevator. He stood in front of me. I wanted to avoid talking to him but one look into his expecting eyes made me stay glued to my position.

"Hi Rhea. I haven't seen you around." He said.

"Yeah....I've been busy." I replied trying to come up with an excuse to avoid him. I couldn't dare tell him why I was avoiding him and I didn't know why I couldn't.

"Your husband has left?" He asked.

"Yeah...been almost a week since he left." I replied to which there was no reaction from him. I was expecting the entire opposite or at least a smirk but got nothing.

"Hey listen; thanks for the wonderful meal the other night. I loved the biryani." He said. This is exactly what I wanted to avoid, having an awkward conversation with him about the evening.

"As you invited me for dinner and served me a delicious Indian meal, I have to invite you for dinner to my place as well and serve you some French food." He said. I was taken aback, not from the invite but from his avoidance of any mention of our under table activities that evening.

"But...my husband had invited you and he isn't here." I replied, throwing a lame excuse to avoid going to his place.

"Well...then we will have to wait for months for that to happen. C'mon, just one simple dinner with a friend won't harm you." He pleaded, trying to coax me into agreeing.

I agreed that a simple dinner won't harm but going to his place and any pre or post dinner activities or initiatives by him could be harmful.

"C'mon Rhea...Tomorrow evening at my place." He pleaded again. I juggled with the idea in my mind for a couple of minutes and decided to say no, a firm no.

"Let me think about it." Was what I replied.

'What the fuck did I just say?' Was what I thought the next moment.

"Okay...if you decide to come, I will be waiting in my apartment tomorrow evening at 9. I hope to see you." He said ecstatically.

I didn't say anything further, bid him goodbye and got into the elevator. The whole way back to my house I kept thinking of what I just said. I cursed myself for betraying myself. I had decided to say no but ended up saying maybe. Fuck!

Now that I had said maybe, then maybe I won't go to his place. The rest of the day was spent in thinking of the same thing. What would this mean? What would happen if I go? What if something happens between us? What would be the consequences? The whole day I kept thinking of the same and by the end of it, I got a headache.

The sun rose the next day but even after a long night's sleep, the questions started pestering me the moment I woke up. I decided not to go for a jog, instead went back to sleep, hoping I would wake up fresh and perhaps all these thoughts would go away by then. I was damn wrong.

I went about doing my chores like cleaning, washing and cooking, checking my watch so very often, counting the minutes before I had to go to his place. I had to make a decision well before that.

If I didn't go then the signal would be clear. He would realize that I wasn't interested in taking matters any further and he'd stop. On the other hand, things could get very awkward between us after my snub and I'd end up loosing a friend, a good one rather.

Apart from Rupali, there was no one in the building of my age besides Jacques. Rupali was a typical Indian housewife who loved to gossip, watch soaps and gossip some more.

The other women in the building were far older than me. They were busy with managing their families, kids and jobs if they had one. With the end of summer vacation a good 4 weeks away, I ended up bored at home.

In spite of my repeated requests and even taunts, Rupali never showed up on the jogging track. The other women did show up but late and even then, they would walk around the track a couple of times before finding a bench in the garden and get busy gossiping and discussing their lives and TV shows.

Jacques was my age, he was progressive thinking and had been a gentleman most of the time. Since he started speaking decent English, our conversations had become meaningful. We would talk about a wide range of things.

He barely knew anyone in the building so we didn't gossip and he never occurred to me as gossiping sorts. We had many things in common like love for western classical music, Hollywood movies and other stuff. So, if I didn't go there tonight, I'd end up loosing all that and also a good working out partner.

I knew he wouldn't do something if I said no. I could go there, enjoy the meal and come back if I resolved and said no to any advances he made. I just had to say no when and if the time came but could I?

I had just a couple of hours to go before the clock struck 9pm. I decided to go for the sake of our friendship and act as I had resolved in the morning. I took a nice, long, cold shower, clearing my mind of all the thoughts.

I walked out of the bathroom and stood in front of the dresser. I untied the towel around me and started wiping my body dry. I unknowingly caressed my pussy. I had shaved it clean before Varun arrived and now a couple of weeks later I had a very sparse growth of hair. I dried and brushed my hair, letting them flow freely.

I picked out a pair of black thongs and a front open lace bra. I gently got in to the thongs and wore them. I turned around to admire my soft, fair buttock. I wore the bra and tied the hooks at the front, capturing my boobs in them and adjusted my boobs inside the cups a little.

I picked out a black chiffon saree with red and golden embroidered border. Accompanying the saree was a black blouse and a black petticoat. I stepped in to the petticoat, tying its knot just below my navel, just above from where my mound would begin. I wore the blouse and then the saree.

I put on some light make, mascara and a red lipstick and a light perfume. I stood in front of the mirror, adjusting my clothes a little. With the pallu resting on my arm, I looked beautiful, graceful yet very sexy.

I stepped outside my apartment and locked it. I looked around the corridors of the building through the duct to check if anyone could see me. Once I checked that no one was around, I walked inside the elevator. Throughout the short elevator trip, my mind kept saying 'don't go...don't go' and yet after the elevator door opened, I walked to his door.

I checked my watch and it was 9pm sharp. I rang the door bell and he opened it immediately. He smiled at me and beckoned me to come in. I stepped in his house, the first time since I had met him.

It looked like any other rented apartment with little furniture. There was a 3 seater couch and a TV a few feet away from it. There was a round dinning table for two or maximum three people. The lit candle on the table and some soothing instrumental music in the background did send alarm bells ringing in my head but I shut them down to let the evening proceed.

The curtains to the windows were white to match the walls and had been closed but the windows behind them left open to let fresh breeze flow into the room. All in all, the house looked neat and not cluttered.

"Hi Rhea...I knew you would come and I have prepared a very nice real French meal for you." He gently took my hand in his and placed a gentle kiss on it. I shivered as I felt his soft lips on my trembling hand.

I did feel like backing my hand out but decided not to do so. I didn't think he was doing anything wrong but was just showing off some European chivalry. Jacques signaled me to sit on the couch and I did before he sat next to me on the couch, just a foot away from me.

"You look really beautiful in that dress." He said as he continued looking at me from head to toe. The transparent black chiffon sari would easily give him a veiled view of my flat stomach and my deep navel.

"It is called a sari. It is a traditional Indian dress for women." I said, explaining to him what a sari is.

"I hope it's not a multi course meal because I don't have a big appetite." I replied.

"No...No...the meal is going to be small but perfect." He replied.

He went into the kitchen and brought two bowls and placed them on the dinning table. I walked to the dinning table and sat in the chair. Jacques joined me at the other end.

"This is shrimp bisque or what you would call a shrimp soup." He said and then went on to explain how it is made.

I nodded as I listened to him. The bisque looked delicious and the aroma wafted through the room. We were both hungry and dying to dig into the food I think and moved our hands to grab the spoons at the same time. I backed my hand away from his the moment they touched and he smiled at me to which gave a faint smile. He picked out his spoon before signaling me to pick one for myself.

I gently picked up some of it on the spoon and ate it. I tasted French cuisine for the first time and it tasted great. The flavors mild and the shrimp were fresh and its creamy texture added to its character. He was looking at me expectantly waiting for my opinion on his cooking. I looked at those puppy like waiting eyes and smiled gently.

"Ummm...did you really make this or just ordered it from a hotel?" I asked him not believing he cooked it.

"Hahaha...I really made it. I've cooked since I was a...uhhh...teenager so I know something about cooking, though not as much as you though." He replied. Once he knew that I liked it, he too started eating it.

We talked about some random stuff over the bisque and it was over in minutes. We continued talking some more before he asked me if he could serve the main course and I agreed. I slowly let down my guard as we engaged in conversation. My giggles, his laughter and small sips of the soup set the mood.

The engaging conversation was abruptly halted when I felt his foot brushing against my leg. I immediately backed my leg; I wanted to avoid a repeat of that evening that too in his house. Seeing me back off, he too retreated, his eyes showed a sense of apology. He stood up and walked to the kitchen to bring the next course.

"This dish is called Steak Frites." He said as he kept the plate in front of me.

"Uhhhmmm...I don't eat beef." I replied, sounding a little hesitant to try the main course.

"I know Rhea...its mutton, goat meat." He said before handing me a fork and a knife to cut the meat.

"Well...okay." I said as I looked at the plate. It was a steak with potato fries and some kind of gravy. It looked tasty and tempting and I decided to dig in.

After tasting it, I nodded in approval to which Jacques smiled. The evening was going nice at lease the meal part he must have thought. He went on to explain the ingredients and the recipe like he did with the previous course and soon we were back to talking normally.

"How is your girlfriend?" I asked him as we continued eating. I had no clue why I referred to her. After that one time when he showed me her picture, I had never asked him about her. Perhaps it was a sub conscious defense mechanism to guilt him into not making a move on me.

"She is fine." He replied before he put a piece of meat into his mouth and chewed on it.

"Have you told her about me?" I asked, getting curious at the lack of response or enthusiasm from him.

"Yes." He replied in one word.

"Hmmm..." I said, preferring not to broach the topic anymore as he seemed reluctant.

"I have to tell you something. She is not my girlfriend anymore." He said after a minute's silence.

"Ohh...that's sad. What happened?" I asked sounding concerned.

"India happened." He replied.

"I am going to be here for at least a year before I can even ask them to send me home. The distance, the different time zones...it just got too complicated." He replied, sounding genuinely disheartened.

Seeing the disappointment on his face, I extended my hand and placed it on his. He looked at me and smiled. He gently placed my hand in his and held it; all the while we were looking at each other.

This was a moment between us and we were lost in each other but better sense prevailed when I withdrew my hand, albeit gently, making him snap out.

"Ohhh...I forgot to serve you the red wine." He said as he got up from his chair.

"Jacques I don't drink." I said trying to stop him. I did drink very little on occasions and I definitely didn't want tonight to be an occasion.

"But it is supposed to be served with red meat. They both compliment each other. Try it...just a little." He said before walking in the kitchen. He walked back with a couple of glasses and a bottle of wine.

"Taste it...its nice." He said as he handed me a half filled glass of wine. He poured him one too and then we clinked the glasses before sipping on the wine. He was right, the wine tasted great with red meat.

We continued talking, eating and within no time, the food was over but we weren't done with the wine. We were soon into our spirits and started talking like we usually used to. We poured small drinks for us and continued talking.

Jacques with his sense of humor and boyish charm made me giggle and laugh with his jokes. It was turning out to be an entertaining evening.

I finished my second drink, a larger one than the first and kept holding the empty glass in my hand. Seeing that, he gently placed his hand under mine, holding the glass and then poured some more. Before I could stop him, the glass was almost full and I just kept quiet.

"Rhea...I like you...." He said as he sipped on the wine.

"I like you too." I replied, my tone indicating my casualness about the word 'like'.

"Umm...No...I meant I like you." He said before gently holding my hand.

"Jacques...No...I am married. You know it is wrong" I replied as I turned my face away from him.

"I know...perhaps that's what is stopping you..." He replied.

"I have liked you ever since we first talked outside the store. We've bonded so much ever since. We might be from different worlds but the connection we share is far stronger and far beyond that." He said as he gave my hand a gentle squeeze. I closed my eyes as I felt the warmth of his hands.

"That rainy evening was special for me and I will cherish it and all the moments I've had with you. I know you like me too Rhea...just say it." He appealed to me.

"This is not right Jacques....I can't do this." I replied, putting up a feeble resistance.

"What seems wrong isn't necessarily wrong." He said.

"I think I should leave." I said as I backed out my hand. Just as I said that, the music playing in the background stopped, adding to the tension in the atmosphere which was so thick, one could cut it with a knife. I kept staring at him, wanting to say more, much more but just couldn't muster the strength to do it.

With two full drinks down my stomach and a half of the third, I started to get tipsy just a little bit. I knew this was my limit since I didn't have tolerance for more.

I realized it was time to leave not only because of feeling high but also the few tense moments that happened between us.. He requested me to sit for some more time but I decided to go now before things changed.

He agreed but with reluctance. He carried the dishes and I carried the wine and the glasses in the kitchen. He walked me to the door and I thanked him for the evening. Just as I was about to open it, I felt his hand on my shoulder and I froze. He gently pulled on my shoulder turning me around to face him.

"I forgot to serve you the dessert." He said before he placed his one hand on my right arm and his other sneaked to my waist and gently held it and within a second his lips were on mine. My eyes stayed open from the shock from the abruptness of his move. I thought I would leave this place unscathed with my morality intact and if he wanted to make a move, he would've made it during the dinner.

All these thoughts started vanishing when he closed his lips on mine and started kissing me. He gently squeezed my waist, tempting me to respond and I did when I closed my eyes and kissed him back. He grabbed my waist tighter, pulling me closer to him and I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him deeper.

I could hear our breaths quicken as we both embraced him for the steamiest kiss I had ever received in my life. Still kissing me, he pulled me away from the door and took me to the couch and I could feel my chance of being a faithful wife slipping away.

"Ummm...No...Please don't...Please...Ummm." I said, trying to break the kiss, trying to get away from him. My words said one thing but my body didn't; as much as I tried getting away, I didn't move an inch. My inner turmoil was manifesting physically as I just couldn't withdraw.

All the thoughts I ever had about this came rushing into my mind; my marriage, my life, my beliefs and my needs; needs of a woman. I felt his hands on my cheeks, pulling me in for a kiss and at that moment I felt like I was sinking.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-french-connection-ch-03-1?page=2

'This is wrong...this is wrong...this is wrong.' I kept telling my self as I felt his face drawing closer to mine.

'Ohhhh...that was so right....' I thought as I felt his lips on mine. He kissed me gently on my forehead and then on my cheeks as I felt my moral compass point in ten different directions.

He grabbed my shoulders and pulled me closer to him, pressing my breasts against his chest. I buried my head in his chest and closed my eyes in a desperate bid to preserve the last bastion of my shame.

I felt his finger on my chin before he slowly lifted it. I opened my eyes to see him looking down at me. Apart from the boiling lust, I could also sense a deep feeling of affection in his eyes.

I saw him lowering his head before stopping just an inch away from my mouth. I could feel his breath on my lips as our noses brushed gently against each other. I felt his hand moving up my back to the back of my head before clutching to my hair. I stood there silently, staring at him blankly as he tore down the last walls. I closed my eyes and moved to kiss him. As our lips met, I felt his hand grip my hair tighter and the other hand pulling me in to an embrace.

We stood next to the couch, kissing like two long lost lovers who had found each other. I opened my mouth and he sneaked his tongue in, making the kiss even more passionate. I felt his hand sneak passed my pallu and squeezed my naked waist. I moaned in his mouth as I felt his warm hand on my trembling skin. The gentle squeeze reminded me of the evening at the Gateway of India.

We sat on the couch, our mouths still glued to each other as our tongues danced beautifully and our lips munched rhythmically. I felt his hand gently cup my left breast and I moaned in his mouth. He gave it a gentle squeeze once before squeezing it a little harder, making me moan even more.

The pallu was a hindrance and he brought his hand over to my shoulder and tried to pull it away. The safety pin tied the pallu to the blouse made it difficult to remove. He pulled it harder and I broke the kiss. I smiled at his failed attempts to disrobe me and decided to do it myself before he ripped my blouse and the sari.

I stood up before removing the safety pin. I took off the pallu and handed it to him and asked him to pull. As he did, I turned around, unraveling my sari with each turn. He pulled out the last of my sari which was tucked inside the petticoat and let it fall to the floor.

The sari symbolized my loyalty to my marriage and as the sari fell, so did I. I stood in front of him in a black petticoat and a black blouse. He kept staring at me, looking at me from top to bottom, drinking in with his eyes, every inch of my body.

He pulled me down to him and I readily went into his arms as we indulged in yet another passionate kiss. He was wearing a black shirt and a pair of blue jeans and I decided to undress him too. I broke the kiss and slowly started unbuttoning the shirt. Once the last button was untied, I parted his shirt to see his white vest inside. I lowered my head down to place gentle kisses on his chest and shoulders before moving up to kiss him.

I removed the first hook of my blouse and let him unhook the rest and soon my blouse was lying on the floor with my sari. Now, my modesty was reduced to just a bra, a petticoat and a pair of thongs which I was sure would be gone soon looking at how things were going.

I placed my hands on his crotch and gave it a squeeze. The hard and rough fabric of his jeans prevented me from making out the real size of what hid beneath but from one touch and a previous glimpse, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed.

I unbuckled his belt and threw it away before I started unbuttoning his jeans. After I had pulled down the zipper he gently lifted his butt a little, allowing me to pull down his jeans. Once his jeans was pulled down to his knees; his underwear to found its place next to the jeans.

I watched in amazement, a toned down sense of joy and some fear as his cock dangled in front of me, completely erect and twitching every now and then. Standing erect at least 7 inches and an equally impressive girth, the whitish pink foreskin had retracted a little to let the pink cock head peek out with its glistening head. Just like the rest of his body, his crotch was clean shaven which added to its allure. The hairless, pinks sack of balls which were beautifully in proportion to the shaft above it hung majestically.

"You like it?" He asked me with a grin on his face. I nodded absent mindedly as my left hand wrapped around its girth and my right hand cupped the balls.

I gently pulled back the foreskin all the way to the shaft, unraveling the large mushroom like cockhead. I squeezed the shaft gently, letting a drop of pre- cum come out of the slit before spreading it all over the head with my slender finger. I fondled his balls gently, feeling the soft skin and the marbles that it encased.

I slowly started jerking the cock and fondling the balls, all the while staring at it. I felt it beckon me to taste and I slowly started lowering my head towards it. I gently scooped up some pre-cum on my tongue before tasting the salty, tangy juice.

"I always thought...Indian women...don't like sucking...uhh...penis." Jacques reacted to my cum scooping.

"First...for now...refer to this as a cock." I said as the teacher in me manifested and waved his cock gently.

"Second... sucking a cock is called a blowjob. So...let's call it that." I said continuing my monologue.

"Third....you are wrong about at least one Indian woman." I said as I lowered my head down to engulf his cock.

"Aaahh...Oui Professuer..." Jacques moaned as he felt my tongue swirl around his cock. I lay down on the couch on my left side, letting the left side of my face rest on his hard stomach. I pulled his cock backwards making it face me before I started sucking it.

I felt the hardness of his knob with my tongue, swirling it around to scoop up the pre-cum over it. I inhaled his musky manly aroma which compelled me to suck harder. He threw his head back as he wandered into the land of ecstasy, placing his left hand on my head, caressing my hair so very gently.

I felt his right hand, fumbling with the knot of the petticoat. My hand joined him as we both removed the petticoat and let it slide over my legs all the way to my feet. I felt his fingers move to my crotch and I slowly parted my legs to allow him. He slipped his hands inside the thong and I moaned as I felt his fingers caressing my womanhood.

As his fingers rubbed my clit harder, my mouth engulfed more and more length of his cock. He removed his hand from under my thong before parting the crotch of the thong. He pried open my nether lips before letting a finger slip inside my pussy and the knuckle of his thumb wriggle on my clit. He removed his finger from my pussy and licked its whole length, tasting and savoring my juices.

"You taste good...the spice is just right." He said and squeezed my bra clasped breast hard.

"Ummpff...hmm...hmm...hmm" I giggled with his cock still in my mouth.

He pulled my mouth away from his cock and stood up. As he stepped out of his jeans and underwear I sat up, resting against the backrest. He kneeled on the floor in front of me and dug his fingers in my thong at my waist. I raised my butt off the couch and let him pull it off. I spread my legs to let him watch my pussy.

He lowered his head between my legs and I jerked my hips upwards and moaned as his mouth latched on to my clit. He kept my writhing body down with his hands and kept licking my pussy. I ran my hands through his thick blond hair, caressing and encouraging him to devour me.

He raised his head from between my legs and stood up. Just a minute of licking had me swooning a bit and I lay down on the couch. Jacques stepped forward, placing his right arm under my knees and his left arm under my back and lifted me off the couch. He carried me to his bedroom, all the while, our eyes locked onto each other. The passion and the heat of the moment were obvious but not a word was spoken.

As he walked inside his bedroom, I started looking around. It wasn't very different from the rest of his house, plain and simple; a bed in the middle of the room, a sofa chair near the window, a TV opposite to the bed and a side table with a night lamp along with a closet against a wall.

He gently placed me on the bed before walking over to the window to close it. I gazed at his tight butt and its muscles tighten and loosen as he took each step. He closed the window, turned around and walked towards me, his hard cock pointing straight at me like a sharpened spear.

He stood next to the bed and I moved inside a little to let him sit besides me. He lowered his head to kiss me. I slipped my hand to grab his cock and jerk it, all the while as our tongues clashed above.

He broke the kiss and brought his hands to unhook my front opening bra. I saw in slow motion the last piece of my clothing came apart hook after hook. Once it was opened, he parted it to unravel my boobs.

My nipples were erect from all the action in the living room and the blood surge to my tits made my nipples pinkish and enticing.

He cupped my breasts, one in each hand and gave them a squeeze. My enormous globes seemed like small oranges in his large, strong hands. As he squeezed them, my puffed up nipples protruded further out. He lowered her head to suck on my protruding nipple. He licked the areola around the nipple, making it wet in his saliva before clasping his mouth over my nipples.

I moaned an arched my back, letting more of my tit slip into his mouth. I felt my nipple being sucked into his mouth. He sucked on it a little hard, causing a little pain before letting go off it to do the same to the other nipple.

I pulled his head further more to let him suck my breasts. He continued with his oral play with my tits, sucking on one and squeezing the other, not letting any be deprived of attention. With one hand curling a strand of my hair and the other resting on his head, I watched in erotic daze and complete arousal as he sucked on my nipples, pulling them all the way till they slipped out of his mouth. He repeated it a few more times before lashing and wriggling his tongue on it.

He released his grip over my breasts and licked around the entire breast, moving to my underarm, sniffing and licking it before moving back to lick my nipples. His twitching cock caught my attention and I craved to suck it again.

I pulled him over me and he rolled over to lay to my side. He moved up the bed, resting his head against the head board, bringing his cock to my eye level. I turned to my left and grabbed his cock.

I started jerking it before popping his balls inside my mouth and sucking on it. I heard his deep sighs as I jerked his cock and my tongue sucked on his balls and licked on the perineum. As

I looked up at him, I saw a face which showed a prevailing sense of satisfaction and a very high level of arousal which in turn aroused me further. He beckoned me with his finger and I knew very well what he wanted. Without taking his cock out of my mouth, I moved my lower body towards him. I swung my left leg over his face and placed it next to his ear, my right leg placed next to his right ear, positioning perfectly for 69.

I felt his fingers pry open my butt and then my nether lips. He then gently caressed my pussy along its length with his finger making me moan and suck him harder and the next moment I sucked harder and moaned louder as I felt his mouth on my cunt. His tongue darted inside my love hole, stimulating its nerve endings, sending jolts of raw pleasure through my body.

He inserted a finger inside my pussy, latching his mouth on my clit and sucking it and a moment later, inserted the tip of his other finger inside my butt hole. He slowly started moving his fingers in and out of my holes. The whole time I had been sucking his cock frantically but his recent move made me stop sucking and howl in pleasure as my orgasm approached.

"Ohhh...Aaahhh...yeaaahhh....Fucckk!...Aahhhh.!!" I screamed as the orgasm fast approached against his unrelenting fingering of my holes. I screamed louder, my body thrashed around as the orgasm swept over me. He withdrew his fingers from my holes, locked his hands over my waist to hold me down and latched his mouth on to my pussy as I squirted my love juices, for the first time in my life.

I had never squirted in my life, not on my first wedding night, my honeymoon or during all these years of marriage. The heady mix of taboo and his expet cunnilingus skills made my juices erupt. I could feel his mouth sucking on my convulsing pussy, swallowing the love nectar emanating from it.

"Ohhh yeaaahh....haaaaa..." I moaned and sighed as the orgasm subsided. I grinded my pussy in his face as he moaned and gulped down my cum like a hungry dog.

Once my orgasm was over, we both started to suck and lick each other's genitalia, but a lot leisurely this time. I licked along the length of his shaft before popping the cock head back in my mouth and suck it slowly where as he focused his tongue on my butt hole, rimming and lubricating it nicely while his hands squeezed my breasts which were sandwiched between our bodies. My long black hair spread over his lower body, covering me but my bobbing head giving away my filthy act.

I gently placed his cock between my tits before spitting a large glob of saliva between them to make it wet and slippery. He started thrusting his cock between my tits which had so snugly fit amongst them. His hard thrusting hips, pushed his cock against my face, hitting my chin and I simply lowered my head, opened my mouth and let his cock slide in and out of it.

He patted my ass signaling me to get off him and I did. He rolled over, lying on his stomach and extended his arm to the side table and opened the drawer to take out a condom. He was prepared for the night I thought; how I had been seduced and exploited into getting here. But I didn't care about all that at the moment.

He was lying on his stomach and his tight butt was a visual delight I enjoyed. I moved closer to him and bit his butt making him moan. I did it again, feeling the hard muscles clench against my teeth which I buried inside his skin to which he moaned louder leaving behind very visible teeth marks. I parted his butt cheeks to see a light brownish asshole. I spat a thick glob of saliva on it before lowering my head to lick it.

I made him get on his fours and got in the same position behind him. His protruding butt opened up his asshole for my oral assault. I started licking his butt hole and the perineum alternately where as my hand milked his cock expertly. I moved lower from his perineum and licked his tight balls making them wet and sticky. I slowly scratched his smooth white ass buns before spanking it hard. A loud yelp of pain and pleasure from him followed the slap.

With him still on his fours, I lied down on my back and slipped myself between his legs. His twitching cock dangled inches above my waiting mouth. He looked down at me and slowly lowered his hip, letting his cock into my wide open mouth. He slowly inserted his cock inside my mouth, inching it forward and deeper.

I gagged as it touched my throat and he immediately pulled back. I coughed a couple of times before composing myself. He again pushed his cock inside my mouth and this time, my relaxed throat took in more of it. This time I didn't gag as his cock touched my throat but it slid an inch further before pulling out.

I exhaled loudly as he withdrew and sighed trying to catch my breath. His cock found its way back into my mouth and I saw him slowly move his hips back and forth as he started fucking my mouth. I just couldn't get enough of his cock; the more I sucked it, the more I craved.

I pushed him back, letting his cock rest on my lips. I grabbed his balls and the base of his cock in my hand and started sucking his cock head. My upper lip massaged the head while my tongue licked the underside. A few soft licks later, I gently bit his cock, making him groan in pain but the very next moment I gently sucked it making him moan in pleasure.

This unexpected and perhaps an extreme move on my part made his cock quiver and I realized he was close to cumming. I didn't want him to cum so soon and immediately let go off his cock and withdrew from his rear, lying back on the bed.

I couldn't believe what I had just done. I had only been with one man before and that was my husband. We had a good sex life and tried to keep things fresh in the bedroom but I always played the role of the submissive partner and him the role of dominance.

Even though I liked being dominated in bed, a part of me wanted to take charge for once at least and I did in a way now.

I had never bitten my husband's butt, never licked his asshole and had never spanked him but with Jacques, I did all that and his moans of approval encouraged me to carry on. The satisfaction of taking charge was not only physical but mental too.

He immediately lied to my side, embracing me in a tight hug before kissing me deeply. I could taste my slimy juices on his lips and I was sure he could taste his own on mine. He broke the kiss, took the condom and handed it to me. He kneeled near my head and I turned to my side before giving his cock a few short sucks. He lowered his head to my tits and sucked on them.

I took out the condom from the pack, pinched its tip and then rolled it over the length of his cock, making a snug fit. I lied on my back, spreading my legs to allow him access. He got between my legs and I spread my legs and pulled my knees closer to my chest, inviting him to plunge his cock inside me.

He placed his hands on my thighs and pushed on them, pushing my knees further into my chest, raising my butt a little and exposing my glistening, gaping pussy even more.

His cock was an inch from my pussy, the white, thin and almost transparent condom glistening with its lubricants. The pink bulbous condom covered head swayed and throbbed as it waited to pierce my insides.

I watched in absolute amazement as his cock head slowly spread open my pussy and its tip going in just a little before he stopped, which made me look up at him.

He winked at me and I saw a big glob of saliva falling from his lips right on his cock, exactly where it met my pussy providing his cock and my pussy the extra lubrication it needed for what was to follow.

The shaft followed the cock head smoothly before starting to come back out all the way. He pushed his cock back in, just the half of it before pulling out. He repeated the partial penetration and soon settled in to a comfortable and leisurely rhythm.

I was feeling stuffed with just half of his cock sliding in and out of my pussy. I caressed his strong arms before slowly moving up to his shoulder, feeling his soft skin before slowly moving up to his face. I caressed his rough cheeks, my soft hands feeling the prick of his day old stubble. I ran my head through his thick blond hair and I looked down to see him still thrusting just half way through before pulling out. I felt his hands grip on my thighs tighten before he plunged his cock completely inside my pussy.

"Aaaahhh...haaaaa..." I screamed as clenched the bed sheet with my hands and threw my head back at his abrupt shove.

He stayed still with his cock buried completely inside my cunt. I sighed as I felt my pussy being stuffed and stretched, feeling his cock twitch against the deepest points of my pussy I had ever felt.

He moved a little, adjusting himself in preparation to fuck me hard. I looked up to him, and then to down, anticipating him to move any minute and he did. With his hands gripping my thighs, his nails digging into my fair, soft skin, he started pummeling my pussy.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-french-connection-ch-03-1?page=3

"Aaaahh...Haaaaa...Haaaaaa....Aaahhh..." I screamed as little orgasmic bombs exploded in my head as he rapidly thrust his cock in and out of my pussy. His balls slapped against my puffed up wet pussy making the lewd slapping noise. My moans, his grunts and the slapping noises of our genitals reverberated across his small bedroom.

I locked my fingers around his neck and looked at him, hollering as he fucked me senseless. From his point of view, he could see my orgasmic face, with wide eyes, a gaping open and loud screams coming out of it.

"Yess...Yess....Ohhh yesss." I moaned as Jacques continued drilling me, making me orgasm so soon. With two back to back orgasms, I was dazed and amazed at his skill and the way he was fucking me right now, I knew I had to brace for several orgasms more.

He let go off my thighs before pulling out of me. He straddled my chest before slapping his cock on my breasts a couple of times before wriggling its piss slit on my nipple. He placed his cock between my boobs and I pushed them together.

The slimy coat of the lubricants and my juices made his cock slide back and forth smoothly. He pulled on my nipples, making me squirm and moan as he kept fucking my tits. I had rarely been tit fucked by Varun since he preferred either a blowjob or my pussy and Jacques' fondness for my tits and the novelty of the position turned me on even more.

My open and parted bra flapped around my tits as he thrust his cock hitting my chin with each forward thrust. I felt so dirty at the moment; lying on my lover's bed, completely naked except for a bra which was a namesake piece of clothing on me.

I was in bed with a foreigner from half way around the world in his house which was just a couple of floors above mine in a building that I had lived for the past 5 years. I had tossed my fidelity, my reputation and my ethos down the very window that Jacques closed a few minutes ago before he started making love to me, rather fucking me. I pushed aside all rational thoughts and focused completely on our bodies.

He grabbed my head and raised it before pushing his cock inside my mouth. I gagged as I felt the bitter lubricants and wanted to pull his condom out and throw it away but I knew this was only momentary as his cock would find its way back into my pussy soon.

He grabbed the head board of the bed, as he thrust his cock in to my mouth, fucking it. I had my pussy, my tits and now my mouth fucked in just a matter of minutes and did I enjoy it or what! He pulled his cock out of my mouth, moved forward a little till his balls hung right above my lips.

I opened my mouth before he placed his nut into it and I began sucking it. I swirled my tongue around it, making his soft little marble roll around in my mouth. I opened my mouth wider trying to fit the other one. My mouth sucked on his balls while my hands caressed his smooth, taut butt. I sneaked my middle finger in to his butt crack and gently massaged his asshole, making his cock twitch above my face.

He pulled out of my mouth and got back between my legs to continue where he had left off. He pushed my left leg away, widening the gap between my legs. He raised my right leg and placed it on his chest before slowly pushing his cock back into my gaping cunt.

He started fucking me, this time slower than previously. My foot was resting on his chest and my toe was just a couple of inches away from his mouth. I teasingly wriggled my toe in his face and he immediately popped it inside his mouth and started sucking it.

"Ummmm....haaaa..." I moaned as the never teased before nerve endings of my foot got active from his erotic stimulation. He ran his tongue along the length of my foot, before sucking on each of my toe; the whole time looking at me with maddening lust as his cock pistoned in and out of my gaping cunt making filthy slick noises.

He put my leg down and pushed on my back making me turn to my left side. I pulled my knees closer to my body getting into a fetal position. Still kneeling, he positioned himself behind my butt and then again slowly pushed his cock back inside me.

"Aaah....yeahhh...tight." He grunted as my closed legs added to the friction. He grabbed my butt for support and started fucking me again. His grunts grew louder with my moans as we indulged in a bout of frenzied coitus on his bed. The wooden bed started shaking and creaking loudly as me and my lover fucked on it.

Jacques raised my leg a little, sneaking his hand in between my thighs to find my clit. I moaned louder and my body shivered as his fingers toyed with my clit and his cock stimulated the nerves inside me.

"Aahh...No....ohhh shit...ohhh..Naaaa..." I moaned as I felt the orgasm surge in me. I couldn't recall the last time I had cum so soon and so many times in just one session. He slowed down as my pussy tightened for an orgasm. He stayed still with his cock still buried inside my pussy as I shook and shivered from the orgasm.

I let out a long sigh as the orgasm ended. I opened my eyes and saw him smiling at me. His beautiful disarming smile was in stark contrast to the animalistic lust with which he had taken me. Small droplets of sweat had accumulated on his forehead, some trickling down his cheek. A thin layer of sweat covered his heaving chest adding sheen to his fair white skin.

Seeing and feeling him so close to me made me realize the contrast between us. Two continents, two nations, two languages and two distinct cultures and yet we both so well understood each other's bodies.

Since we had started making love, very few words had been spoken but we made sweet love like a beautifully choreographed dance, a well oiled engine, a well gelled team; it felt as if we had been doing this for ages. I felt so comfortable in his presence, not just in bed but otherwise too. There was no shame, no inhibitions, no hiding but just pure, unbridled lust and pleasure.

He lowered his head on my tit and slowly and gently sucked on it. I pulled him up to kiss him, wriggling and rolling my tongue around his. He moved up to my forehead and gently scooped a drop of sweat pooled on it with his tongue. He smiled at me as he relished it before lowering his head towards my mouth. I too reciprocated my gently licking off some of his sweat before kissing him.

As he slowly withdrew from my pussy, I turned on my back and straightened my body before spreading my legs. He got between my legs slowly placing his cock at the entrance of my hole. He lowered his body on to mine, grabbing my shoulders from under my arms.

He lowered his mouth on mine to kiss me as I wrapped my arms around his neck to welcome him. As we kissed gently, I felt his cock twitch against my waiting cunt. Without breaking the kiss, he moved to align his cock and my pussy before pushing the head and then the shaft inside me.

"Haaaaa..." I gasped as his thick, long rod stuffed me yet again. In spite of taking him inside me so many times in the last few minutes, I still didn't seem to be getting used to his cock.

As I threw my head back and closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling of being stretched out, Jacques focused his attention to my neck; gently kissing and licking my nape before coming back up to kiss me. My hands caressed his butt, pushing it further into me.

Just a few minutes ago we were fucking like a couple engulfed by maddening lust but right now, we made love like a couple madly in love with each other; stealing short, tender kisses. I just loved the tenderness of the moment and the change of pace.

He lowered his hands to my butt and grabbed it and started stroking harder. He grabbed my ass cheeks and squeezed them hard as he pounded my pussy hard. My hands scratched his butt, digging into his flesh, pulling him closer.

"Aaahhh...Haaa....Aaaahh..." I screamed, pushing my legs straight up and curling my toes. My hands scratched his back making him grunt in pain and forcing him to thrust harder, pushing his face into my neck.

He slowed down before stopping. He raised himself and rested on his knees, letting my legs rest over his thighs before resuming stroking me. He brought his hand over to my face and gently pinched my nose, making me giggle.

He gently caressed my lips with his thumb a couple of times before inserting it in my mouth and I hungrily sucked on it. He removed his thumb out of my mouth and wriggled it over my clit. I moaned and arched my back as he stimulated the most sensitive part of my body.

He lowered his head down to my breasts and sucked on each of my nipple before coming up and kissing me.

He broke the kiss, disengaged and then patted on my butt and said, "Doggie".

"Ohh...so you know that word." I said, smiling devilishly at him.

"Everyone knows that word." He said, smirking at me before sliding my bra off my shoulders. I pulled it off me and threw it away.

I was pleasantly surprised, impressed and amazed at how well he was mixing things up. I had always thought that a couple of orgasms and two at the maximum three positions were my limit and Varun lasted equally long.

But this young lad had survived my two long and two short blowjobs and had fucked me hard in 4 positions besides the foreplay without cumming even once and was still going strong. I on the other hand had 3 or 4 orgasms, frankly I stopped counting. The score was heavily tilted against me but I wasn't complaining.

I got on my fours, spread my legs, jutting my ass outwards. I lowered my butt and arched my back beautifully getting in to the position perfectly. He kneeled next to me on the bed and started caressing my butt.

He lowered his head and placed gently kisses my soft, tender butt cheeks. He slid his hand between my legs and caressed my pussy, gently moving his hand up and down the entire length of my nether lips.

"Ummmm....." I sighed as I felt his two thick fingers slid inside my pussy. He moved them in and out, side to side and in circular motions, caressing every sensitive nerve inside me. I felt his thumb gently caressing my butt hole making me moan louder.

With his other hand, he slapped my butt, at first gently to gauge my reaction. My small moan in response to the slap encouraged him to slap again, this time a little harder deriving a proportionally loud moan from me. Seeing me enjoying the spanking, he continued slapping my ass as he intensified his fingering.

His fingers were probing my insides thoroughly and his thumb was caressing and fingering my butt. My head was hanging low, deep long moans were escaping from my mouth which grew louder as I felt his tongue circling on my ass hole rather than his finger, which he shoved inside my pussy.

I jumped and yelled as Jacques found my g-spot and he too realized it. Focusing his attention on it, he fingered me hard, rubbing against it. His other hand moved under me and flicked and pinched my clit and his mouth kept rimming my butt hole.

The perfect oral and manual stimulation brought me my nth orgasm of the night. Rather than slowing down, Jacques continued fingering me as my body turned and twisted from the massive orgasm.

"Jacques...baby...pleasseee fuck me...!" I pleaded to him as my orgasm ended. I wanted more...more...and simply more.

With me still on my fours, Jacques stepped behind me and grabbed my ass before penetrating me. He held on to my butt and started fucking me in deep medium paced strokes. I heard him spit and a second later felt the warm, slick glob of saliva falling on my butt hole and trickle down to my butt as he picked up pace.

I pushed my ass back towards him as we fucked in unison, synchronizing our strokes perfectly. I had closed my eyes and just enjoyed the feeling his cock gave me. I moved my hand below me, sneaking up between us and started fondling his balls as they moved back and forth along with the shaft. As

I continued fondling his balls, I realized that he had stopped moving and it was I doing all the moving. I pushed backwards harder and faster with each passing thrust, making my bangles cling rhythmically and his balls slap harder against my swollen pussy.

He placed his left foot flat on the bed, grabbed my waist tight and started fucking me faster. My head hung low and my sighs turned to moan as Jacques turned on the heat.

In between his rapid thrusts, he jabbed his cock inside me to the hilt. The sudden jab shocked me as I threw my head and my long lustrous hair back. Seeing the opportunity he bunched my hair in his hands and started pummeling me as ruthlessly as before.

My back was arched as he pulled on my shoulder with his hand, my head was pointing upwards as my hairs were pulled back hard. My fingers were resting on my bed as I tried to support myself and my entire body shook with the hard and fast strokes of my lover. My eyes were closed and my mouth was wide opened as I moaned 'Ahh..Ahhh...Ahh' rhythmically with his hard strokes.

He pushed me down making my left cheek rest on the bed, making my ass prop upwards. He fondled my fleshy butt as he moved in and out fluidically.

"Spread you ass Rhea...Spread it baby." He moaned as he drilled me. I complied, brining my hands to my butt and spreading my ass cheeks. I felt like a filthy bitch and rightly so because I was being fucked like one at the moment. He gently caressed my butt hole with his thumb before inserting its tip in to it. I squirmed at the anal invasion but he wasn't done yet. He lowered his hand between my legs and pinched my clit making me howl.

He had both my holes plugged, one with his thick cock and the other with his thick thumb, both moving in and out at the same time. He had awkwardly positioned himself almost like a crab as he drilled my pussy, fingered my butt and pinched my clit but he made it look so easy.

My orgasm was drawing close and I pushed my butt harder against his crotch, making his balls slap violently against my pussy. I felt my Mangalsutra prick my soft breasts as I pushed my chest further down to prop up my ass further more.

"Aaaaahhh......yessss...huhhhh...." I moaned as I came again. Even after cumming so many times, the intensity of each subsequent orgasm hadn't waned even a bit.

After such a long and furious bout of sex, I was reduced to a pile of sweating, moaning mess and I wanted to stop but Jacques' unrelenting assault encouraged me to carry on. He had unleashed the insatiable bitch inside me.

He pulled out of me with an audible 'plop' and moved forward. I crawled back a little, making room for him between me and the headboard.

He kneeled in front of my face, his cock touching my lips gently. I knew what he wanted but the condom was a hindrance. I didn't want to taste the bitter condom lubricants but wanted to savor the flavor of his raw cock. I pulled the condom off his cock and threw it away before opening my mouth.

His cock pushed aside my lips, passed my teeth before sliding down my tongue and hitting the back of my mouth before pulling back out.

He bunched up my hair in his hand as he fucked my mouth. I savored the salty pre-cum as his cock oozed more and more of it. I was still on my fours as I had been minutes ago but now Jacques had changed places, from banging me from behind, he was banging me from the front. His balls were slapping against my pussy moments earlier but they were now slapping against my chin.

He pulled out of my mouth, pushed on my back and got between my legs. I raised my legs and spread them wide as he pushed his cock back inside again, this time without cover. I felt no sense of alarm, no fear of the consequences as he fucked me raw.

He placed my legs on his shoulder, grabbed my waist and went to town with me, fucking me harder and deeper than ever. I felt his strokes getting erratic, his cock twitched inside me and I felt his body get stiffer with each stroke. Finally...Finally my lover was reaching his destination.

He pulled out of me and kneeled over my stomach and stroked his cock violently over my tits. I pushed them together waiting for his release.

"Aaahhh.....yeaahhh....Rheaaaaa" Jacques grunted loudly as he came, ejecting his load over my tits; his cock squirted rope after rope of thick cum which pooled over my tits. As his body jerked violently, some of his cum flew straight into my face.

"Yeaahh....Aaahhh...Haha..." I reacted to the cum shower. I looked down at myself to find an unbelievable sight. My tits were covered in a coat of thick cum, trickling down the side of my tits. Just a couple of inches above my breasts was his cock, still spurting cum. I could feel some cum trickle down my cheek and also a small glob on my lips. I licked it with my tongue and savored its salty tangy flavor.

"Haaaaaa...." He sighed as his orgasm ended. He looked down at me with a smile on his face which displayed pure orgasmic bliss. He stepped forward, bringing his cum leaking cock closer to my mouth. I opened my mouth and popped his cock inside, savoring his thick ejaculate. I sucked hard, sucking out the last drop of cum from his balls. I scooped some of the cum pooled on my tits with his cock and licked on it like a dirty whore.

I placed his slowly shrinking cock in between my cum covered tits and stroked it a couple of times, coating his entire cock with cum before sucking and licking it completely.

Jacques got off me and walked over to the bathroom. I stayed there, spreading the cum on my body with my slender little finger, waiting for him to come back. He came back with a towel and stood next to the bed, near my head. He started wiping the cum off my body with towel, rubbing it a little deeper on my nipples.

I noticed drops of cum pool on the tip on his now flaccid cock and some cum stains on its side. Instead of using the towel, I decided to use my mouth and moved forward and started sucking his soft, shrunken manhood, sucking out the last drops of his nectar and cleaning it nicely while he rubbed the towel on my pussy harder. I was sucking his limp cock but it still felt great in my mouth.

He walked out to the living room and fetched my clothes. I in the meanwhile picked up my bra which had been thrown in one corner of the room in the sexual frenzy and wore it. I picked up the panty and wore it before fetching my hair brush.

I stood in front of the mirror, brushing my dishelved hair wearing just my lingerie. Jacques stood behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist and gently kissed my neck and cheeks. As he stepped away and sat on the couch completely naked, he watched me get dressed as I draped the sari around my body delicately and gracefully like an Indian woman does.

When I was done dressing up, he wrapped the cum soaked towel around his waist and stepped in front of me. He gently held my face in his hands and raised it to kiss me. I stood on my toes trying to stand up to him as I experienced the best kiss of my life. As we broke the kiss, Jacques placed his arm on my shoulder, pulling me towards him and we walked slowly to the door.

"Can you please check if someone is standing in the corridors?" I asked Jacques as we stood behind the door.

He nodded before opening the door and walking out. I saw him look around and the peep on the lower and the upper floors before walking back inside.

"There is a man on the lower floor talking on a cell phone." He said as he closed the door behind me.

There was no way I could risk being seen coming out of Jacques' house at that time of the night and as much as I tried covering up, I still had the freshly fucked look on my face which even I blind man would make out.

"I guess I'll just wait here for ten minutes before I can go back home." I said as I sat on the couch, fidgeting with my fingers.

"Hmmmm...then what do we till then?" Jacques asked. I looked at him to see him smile faintly.

More than 10 minutes later....

"I have to go home....Aaahhh...." I moaned.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-french-connection-ch-03-1?page=4

"Hmmmmm....." Jacques replied as he sucked on my nipple. My clothes and his towel were back on the floor and we were naked on the couch. I was on his lap facing him, with his cock buried inside my pussy. I gently rocked back and forth making his uncovered cock rub against my pussy walls; his large hands were placed flat on my ass, pushing me back and forth where as his mouth sucked on my hard stubby nipple.

"Jacquess....I have to...ummppfff...Hmmm..." I tried to say before he latched his mouth to mine to kiss me, silencing me.

With his mouth still glued to mine and his cock still buried inside me, he stood up, picking me up along with him. He placed his forearms under my knees before I locked my fingers behind his neck and lowered my body towards the floor, almost getting perpendicular to his body, pushing his cock deeper inside me. He started stroking, slowly at first and gradually picking up pace.

I was suspended in the air with his arms, my slender fingers and his thick cock for support as he fucked me in his living room, filling it with the resonance of his balls slapping my cunt. I was sure that the man in the corridor was gone and I could go home now but those thoughts were being shoved aside as Jacques slammed his cock harder into my pussy. He stopped fucking me and started walking towards the bedroom.

"Jacquess....I have to go home." I protested feebly as I felt his cock move inside me as he walked.

"Yeahh...you will but not now..." He said as we walked inside the bedroom.

Few weeks later....

"Baise Moi...Aahhh...Baise Moii....Yeaahhh....Fuck me harrdddd....Ouiiiii" I screamed as Jacques banged my ass hard. The sheer disbelief that I could take his monster cock inside my tight little asshole made me scream louder. He was crouching behind me as I was on my fours.

My hands had been pulled back and were firmly gripped by his right hand where as his left hand pulled my hair hard as he pummeled my butt.

"Ahhh...Rhea...you;ve learnt so much and so well...yeaahhh." He grunted as he fucked my hard, stretching the thin membrane of my butt wide. I wasn't sure whether he was referring to our sexual escapades every night or my spoken French but who cared at that moment.

His twitching cock signaled his approaching orgasm and he pulled out, I swiftly kneeled facing him and a moment later, thick ropes of cum splashed on my face.

I stepped out of my lover's apartment in broad daylight which I had avoided all these days. I had always made sure that our rendezvous always happened in the quite of the night for it provided us secrecy; whether it was in my house or his. But ever since the school had started, I had to wake up early and as much as I loved our all nighters, it had become difficult to keep up with my routine.

Our routines had prevented us from being together for almost a week now and one Sunday afternoon I got a message from Jacques and I was soon naked on his bed with him.

I stepped out late in the afternoon still dazed from the mind blowing sex I just had and I carelessly started walking down the stairs, not even checking around.

As I walked down, still recalling the fuck and enjoying the trickling juices down my leg, I realized some one in front of me. I looked at the person and stood completely frozen in fear.

The happy erotic thoughts vaporized in a second and were replaced with a complete blank space. I started trembling and my heart beat faster. I gulped down audibly as I stared at the person in front of me.

That person was Rupali and she stood down a few stairs down from mine. She had a very devilish grin on her face as she looked in to my eyes.
