the-new-car-ch-03

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-03

Note: This story is a sequel to the previous chapters. Those who have read it before can continue from here. For those who haven't, I suggest they start from Ch. 01 to better understand and the enjoy the story.

*****

"This is so embarrassing... Gurnam... stop!!" I pleaded.

"What is embarrassing... Aditi Madam?" Gurnam asked.

"They are watching us... stop it... let me go!!" I moaned, trying to wriggle my way out of Gurnam's vice like grip.

"Who is watching us... and watching us doing what??" Gurnam said, feigning innocence.

"What kind of a sick freak are you? Your employees are watching us doing this!!" I yelled at Gurnam.

"Ohhhh... don't worry about that... they have watched me before." Gurnam replied calmly as he continued stroking my pussy with his cock.

I was bent over, holding a metallic shelf for support. Gurnam was right behind me, fucking me; starting with slow leisurely strokes but picking up pace gradually. We were in 'Gurnam Da Garage', in the shack that Gurnam called his 'office'. The very same place where almost a year ago, Gurnam and I indulged in something that continued to this very day.

It was a bright spring afternoon of a very busy weekday when I drove my car over for its scheduled servicing. The garage was full of mechanics working on their assigned cars. Gurnam personally attended to me.

I was a bit awkward, watching the mechanics smiling at me. Their smiles were not like what a service provider gives to a client. It was a knowing smile, a smile that they even exchanged with one another. This had not been the first time they were smiling at me like this; in fact they had started smiling at me soon after my sexual affair with Gurnam started. Damn! Office gossip exists here too, in such unorganized and lowly places.

Gurnam took a cursory look at the car like he usually did and a couple of minutes later we entered his 'office'. As soon as I entered, an embarrassing but very kinky realization hit me. I had been fucked in every corner of this room. The glass top table, the chairs on the either ends of the table on which usually we sat, dressed at first but undressed soon enough.

The couch!! The filthy, dust covered, torn couch which looked like it would collapse even if a fly sat on it but actually had been strong enough to take not just my body weight as Gurnam fucked me in the most animalistic ways but also the weights of both our bodies when I enthusiastically jumped on his cock as I rode him.

As I kept looking around the room, recalling our nasty fuck fests, I realized that the metallic shelf was the only place where our naked bodies had not been. Oh well... there I was a few minutes later holding the shelf for my dear life as Gurnam started fucking me in his usual ruthless manner.

I opened my eyes and looked to the left and then to the right to see faces with wide eyes and naughty grin at the windows of the office. My private sex affair had now become a public spectacle. All I could see were their faces but I was sure that under those windows, all those men were busy jacking off watching their boss and his client/mistress fucking like rabbits. I was pretty sure that one by one, all those men would paint the outer side of the wall white.

Gurnam withdrew his cock from my pussy, grabbed my arm and turned me around. As soon as I turned around to face him, he pushed me against the shelf. He raised my left leg on his forearm and shoved his cock back inside my pussy.

"Aahh... " I gasped loudly, which I followed with a long moan as Gurnam first stuffed his cock inside me and then began fucking me.

I heard a loud whistle which I instantly knew came from one of his employees watching us from outside. The whistle was followed by laughter from our audience. I, by now had stopped pleading to

Gurnam to let me go and get out of this mess. But slowly the embarrassment had given way to arousal. I was reluctantly enjoying being watched. What a slut I am!!

Gurnam let go off my leg as I locked it above his ass and grabbed my waist as he continued pummeling my pussy. I held on to the shelf with my right hand and grabbed Gurnam at the back of his neck as he continued fucking me.

As Gurnam fucked me, he grabbed the hem of my black T-shirt and pulled it up to my neck and swiftly pulled up the matching bra too. As soon as my breasts were freed, he slowed down the fucking and cupped my boobs. I could feel the firmness in his grip increase as he the cupping turned to squeezing. He squeezed my breasts a few times more and then flicked my nipples with his thumbs.

Oh my god the lust in his eyes! His fascination with my boobs had grown into an obsession. He would maul my breasts, in fact his hands or mouth would be on my breasts in which ever position we were and right now, he was doing the same.

His cock was now moving very slowly inside my pussy and it gradually stopped as Gurnam slowly lowered his head to my boobs. I too, instinctively raised my chest and pulled his head down to my boobs. A second later, Gurnam's mouth was latched on to one my nipples.

The first couple of seconds I felt his tongue swirling around my nipple before I felt my nipple being pulled into his mouth as he began sucking it. A few moments later, he moved over to the other nipple and then alternated between then there on.

As Gurnam munched on my soft breasts, he slowly dragged his hands down to my butt and gave it a gently squeeze. His hands roamed on my full, luscious buns before squeezing them hard. His hand then travelled down to my thigh and pushed up on it.

He raised my right leg just like he raised my left leg. As my legs reached his waist, I locked them behind his back. I just instinctively raised my left hand from his neck and grabbed one end of the shelf above me.

My torso was now suspended on the air with the support offered by my slender arms grabbing the shelf and Gurnam's large hands on which my butt rested. He pulled his cock out of my pussy right up to the tip before spitting a large glob of saliva on it.

"Wah Ustaad... kya baat hai!! (Wow Boss... You are great!)". The remark was loud enough to be heard inside a completely closed room. It was obvious that the remark was made by one of the perverts watching us but we chose not to look in the direction.

Instead we looked at each other before Gurnam's cock slowly pierced my pussy. I was now impaled on Gurnam's cock and Gurnam soon enough started ploughing my pussy. Gurnam and I were soon fucking hard in the position which I had never tried; in fact I had not done anything like this with my husband.

'Oh! Gurnam... bettering my sexual CV with each occasion.' I thought in such aroused and delirious state.

The room resonated with my loud screams, his grunts and the haunting sound of his balls slapping against my ass. But in a few moments, we heard loud thumps, crackling, followed by a couple of thuds.

We looked around to see a few heavy manuals, a glass framed shop license and even a tool box lying on the floor. Such forceful was Gurnam's stroking that things started falling off the shelf. Thank God, Nothing fell on our heads!

Several minutes passed as Gurnam and I fucked in this kinky but awkward position, awkward not for him but me because I was lifting almost my entire body weight with my hands. My slender little hands, which I never knew could be subjected to such physical strain.

The adrenaline rush had kept the pain at bay till now but after the couple of orgasms I had in that position, my hands were giving way.

I knew I couldn't hold on for long but I just couldn't tell Gurnam because I was enjoying this so much! Just as I thought I would fall, Gurnam groaned loudly and squeezed my ass. He swiftly slid his cock out of my pussy and placed it just above my pussy.

"Aaarrgghh... " Gurnam screamed as he came on my stomach in thick strands of pearly white cum. As our breathing normalized, I slowly let go of the shelf and locked my hands behind his head. Gurnam hugged me tight as I was still suspended in the air, in his arms.

Gurnam started walking holding me in his arms. I was too exhausted to notice where he was going. I heard the door latch open and felt the warm breeze against my back.

I immediately realized what was happening. I wanted to scream out but before I could Gurnam stepped out of the office. I immediately hid my face on his shoulder. The embarrassment got worse with each passing moment. As I closed my eyes, trying to hide my face, I realized that it was useless. Everyone could still see my naked back!

"What the fuck are you bastards gawking at huh? Get back to work you shits!" I heard Gurnam's thunderous voice, ordering his men back to work.

'He is saying this now? What was he thinking and why didn't he say this much earlier?' I thought.

I heard a lot of foot steps walking away from us. Gurnam again started walking and a few steps later, I again heard a door creek open. I opened my eyes to see my self being taken inside the dark, dirty bathroom. We entered the bathroom and stood under the shower.

I swiftly pulled my clothes off my body and threw them in one remote corner of the bathroom. Gurnam turned on the shower and the cold water started flowing down are bodies.

Gurnam latched his lips on to mine and soon we were indulging in a sloppy deep kiss under the shower. He squeezed my ass hard a few times as we exchanged saliva under the shower. Gurnam let go off me and I slowly let my feet touch the wet floor. We got busy washing each other, exchanging a kiss here and there.

Gurnam stepped out of the shower and dried himself with one of the towels. He tied the towel around his waist and walked out of the bathroom. I continued under the shower for a while before Gurnam walked back inside with my clothes. He handed them to me and walked out.

Soon, I stepped out of the bathroom, on to the garage floor and as soon as I did that, all the men there stopped their work and stared at me. Gurnam was no where in sight and I was caught in an embarrassing situation. I couldn't walk back to the office because one of the employees was standing near the door.

Suddenly all the employees started clapping and laughing. Some were even hi-fying each other. What the fuck was this! Shit, this is so... so embarrassing. I stood there with my head lowered and my eyes closed, trying to shut them all out.

Suddenly the noise stopped and I looked up. Gurnam was standing at the office door, dressed in a black T shirt and Jeans which accentuated his muscular body. Everyone else stood still and silent, watching him. He pushed the guy near the door; the strong shove almost made that greasy shit ball fall to the ground.

Gurnam walked to me and grabbed my hand and we walked to a car. We both sat inside it and soon we drove out of the garage. Sometime later, I was on my knees in my own living room sucking Gurnam's cock.

"I will personally deliver your car to you once it is done." Gurnam said as he pulled up his jeans and started buttoning it.

"I know; you always do." I said as I picked up the remnants of his cum on my cheek with my finger and licked it. I also picked up some drops of cum from my breasts; my jugs which had been scooped out of my bra and sucked on sometime ago.

"Hehehe... I offer the best customer service you can think of." Gurnam said and started laughing. I couldn't help but smile at his comment.

This was actually what was happening since I first had sex with Gurnam. After he fucked me in his garage that day, I tried to control myself from going back to him for almost a month. I failed miserably! Gurnam and I had sex in my car on that old high way and since then there was no turning back. Gurnam had me addicted to the sex!

All my life I had been around men who were sophisticated and charming. Arjun was no loser in the cock department but he was after all a city bred, college graduate, civilized guy. Gurnam on the other hand was the tough brute; Intimidating and uncouth. His huge muscular body, his baritone voice and the raw masculinity he projected doing even the simplest of things drove me to him.

His brash talk, unsophisticated mannerisms and absolute disregard for any gentlemanly etiquette added to his bad boy allure. Another thing that drove me to him was his cock! Its length, its girth and its sheer stamina was wondrous! That beautiful cock, the ultimate specimen of manhood was so beautifully complemented by his Adonis like body. I got goose bumps just thinking about it!

Gurnam too, in a way was addicted to me. I was sure that he never had sex with a woman like me. Someone who was not just above him in financial and social standing but was outright sexy! He would always admire my beauty, my sexy body either verbally or physically whenever he got a chance. My large supple boobs, my taut round ass, my flawless fair skin and my pink unshaved pussy would have him panting like a dog! We were both in love... ; But only with each other's bodies.

In a bid to be more responsible for the car, I started taking it to the garage every time. Arjun, my husband, who had absolutely no clue about what had been going on all this while, was happy to see me take such good care of the car. After all, I hated the car when he first bought it!

I used to call Gurnam to take an appointment for the car and he would always give me an appointment at a time when the garage was closed for the afternoon or when it was closed for the day. I would drive the car to his empty garage where Gurnam would check me out first and service me nice and proper before getting to the car!

He would take me on a test drive under the pretext of checking the car and fuck me in some isolated corner of the city. The sex in the car was amazing! The thrill of having sex in the open, in broad daylight with a man who was not my husband did give me a kick but after a couple of times, I thought it just wasn't worth the risk. So I told Gurnam that he can take the test drives by himself. He obliged and since then our outdoor rendezvous were strictly restricted to the indoors.

Gurnam's modus operandi was simple. He would have me bring the car to his garage and then fuck me there. He would then drive me back to my house and fuck me again in my own house. Couple of days later, he would deliver my car to my house and fuck me again!

My husband was away in his office during day time and I being a freelance interior designer worked mostly from home which made my affair pretty easy to hide and manage. In fact Gurnam had by hearted my and Arjun's schedule and his deliveries would be timed at times when Arjun wasn't around.

My trips to his garage were more frequent than I thought they should have been. In fact I was taking the car there almost every fortnight. I suspected Gurnam wasn't looking after the car properly even though he left no stone unturned in servicing me. And I voiced my concern one afternoon when he delivered my car like he always.

"Gurnam... aahh... are you maintaining the car properly?" I asked Gurnam who was busy between my legs, licking my pussy. I had taken him to the bedroom after he handed me the car keys.

"Why do say that?" Gurnam said as he raised his head from between my thighs and looked at me.

"I say so because the car is spending too much time at your garage. I bring it to you for some job or the other every now and then. I don't even take my scooter to the garage so often." I said as I raised my head off the pillow and looked at him.

"Aditi Madam... your car is old. The parts are giving up often. The technology of the car is obsolete. You have no idea how much trouble I have to go through to find spare parts for that car." Gurnam said as he sat up on his knees.

"I understand it is an old car but why can't you just repair that car in one go." I said as I instinctively spread my legs to accommodate his hips as Gurnam moved over me.

"If you are not happy with my work then you are free to take your car somewhere else. I am sure that you will see the difference soon enough." Gurnam said as he placed his hands on either side of my breasts and placed his cock at my pussy.

"Anyways I don't charge you for the extra service that I provide." Gurnam said and winked.

"Oh ho ho ho... as if you are doing me a favor aren't you?" I said as my hands roamed on his muscular shoulders and his hairy chest. I pulled him down to my breasts and Gurnam sucked on my nipple.

After a short suck, Gurnam raised his head and looked me in the eyes; he dragged his cock head against my pussy and clit a few times and inserted the tip in my pussy and said, "Madam... do you want me to continue or should I leave?"

"Aaaahh... continue... " I whispered in pleasure.

"Excellent... " Gurnam said with a devilish smile on his face and slowly inserted his entire cock in my pussy.

"Ohhhh... Gurnammmm!! You are the best!!... Aaaahhh." I screamed a minute later as Gurnam drove me to a massive orgasm.

The entire conversation was futile. Even if Gurnam deliberately kept something or the other wrong with my car to compel me to come to him; I actually didn't require any compelling. I had been driving to his garage very enthusiastically, so, even if the car had been absolutely problem free, I would have still found a reason to go to him.

A few times, the car wasn't reason enough for us to meet. When I craved his cock, I would simply call him and he would either come over to my place or I would go to his garage and we would spend hours having sex.

I too had kept myself informed of Gurnam Da Garage's work timings. I, on one occasion, before I was fucked in front of his mechanics went over to his place to surprise Gurnam. It was a cold winter afternoon. I had worn a pink tank top and a denim skirt.

The skirt was so short that, till date, I had used it only for my bedroom activities with my husband. I hadn't dared to wear it in public even though I had thought how it would be to do so; my outdoor nude carnal adventures with Gurnam had made me bold enough to actually try it.

The tank top was tight enough to accentuate my boobs to enticing proportions and the short denim skirt not just exposed my fair thighs but left very little to imagination. The cold breeze would brush against my legs, making me shiver resulting in not just goose bumps on my hairless, slender arms but also leaving me with rock hard nipples that even a blind man could make out of my tight top.

I walked into the garage, knowing fully that no one would be disturbing me and my lover for the afternoon and that we could fuck our brains out with leisure. I tip toed to the office, trying not to make a lot of noise because the sound resonated in the empty garage.

As I neared the office cabin, I started walking faster as my sexual urges started pouring out. I swiftly opened the cabin door and stepped in. I thought I would surprise Gurnam but he ended surprising me! What I saw was completely unexpected!

Gurnam was with another woman. The moment I opened the door and stepped in, they both stopped and looked at me. Both were taken aback at this sudden disturbance but Gurnam relaxed a little when he saw me. The woman on the other hand continued staring at me in absolute shock.

I had seen that woman before. She was the woman who I saw Gurnam have sex a few days before he fucked me. What was her name? Uhh... yeah Shanti! Both of them were naked and Shanti was lying on her back on the couch. Gurnam was on top of her with her legs on his shoulders. His cock was inside her pussy and her boobs were in his hands.

"Ohhh... fuck... sorry... sorry... " I yelped as I closed my eyes and turned around.

I too was shocked at what I saw and immediately turned back. I walked a couple of steps towards the cabin door intending to step out and walk away but I don't know what made me stop. I slowly turned around and just stood there like a statue facing Gurnam and Shanti.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/the-new-car-ch-03?page=2

I had never seen anyone having sex. I had rarely seen a porno in my life and seeing live action was something I ever thought I would or even consider it. It was perhaps this perverse curiosity that made me stop in my tracks and turn around.

Gurnam flashed a wicked smile but Shanti looked confused. She had no clue who I was, what I was doing there and why did I turn back to watch them. Gurnam winked at me but I chose not to respond. His grip on her boobs tightened as his cock slowly made its way back into her pussy.

Shanti winced as Gurnam's cock stuffed her pussy but continued staring at me. Gurnam slowly started fucking her, gaining speed with each stroke. Shanti gasped and winced in pleasure as she lay under him. I was sure that if given a chance she would have jumped up and ran but Gurnam's vice like grip had kept her in her place and she could do nothing more than what she was doing at the moment.

Gurnam too started staring at me as he continued fucking Shanti. As opposed to Shanti, his expression was that of total wickedness. He seemed to be pleasantly surprised of my presence and carried on fucking Shanti in short rapid strokes.

Gurnam raised his hands and signaled me to come

to him with his index finger. I nodded in negative and stood right where I was. Even though the scene was absolutely arousing, I just couldn't bring myself to join them, even though the temptation was fast taking over.

Gurnam stopped fucking Shanti momentarily and withdrew from her pussy. He simply patted her butt and she silently turned around to get on her fours. As soon as she positioned herself, Gurnam grabbed her ass and shoved his cock into her pussy.

"Aaarrgghh... " Shanti cried in pain. No wonder it was painful to her. She was a petit little woman.

Dark in complexion with sharp features, she had a very village beauty look. Her small tits and a cute little butt complemented her petit frame. She was wearing green bangles on her wrists which clinkered with each of Gurnam's forceful strokes and she had a black thread which hugged her slim waist.

Gurnam and I continued staring at each other and the scene unfolding in front of me was very arousing. I just wanted to dig my fingers into my panties and play with my pussy, watching them fuck. But I just couldn't muster the strength to do so.

"Uhhh... Uhhh... Uhhh... " Shanti's moans turned into screams as Gurnam fucked her to an orgasm.

"Aarrgghg... aaaaiiiii... " Shanti screamed as she came but Gurnam continued fucking her, making her writhe and scream even more.

Soon Shanti was spent and lay there like a dead fish. Gurnam slowed down his stroking and looked at me.

"Come here... " he beckoned me to which I again nodded 'no' lightly and shyly.

Gurnam stopped and withdrew from her pussy. He pushed her and she fell on the couch. Gurnam slowly walked towards me naked, his cock erect and shiny from their copulation juices. I was alarmed at what was happening, fully aware of what was about to happen. I wanted to run away, to save myself from an embarrassment of being fucked in presence of someone else but I just couldn't or just didn't want to run away.

Gurnam came near me and grabbed my hand and took me to the table. He pushed me down on one of the chairs. Gurnam stood in front of me, his cock just a couple of inches from my face. He placed his right foot on the arm rest of the chair and shoved his cock at my mouth. I looked up at him, intimidated by his sudden assault and awkward of the fact that there was another woman around us.

"C'mon... suck my cock." Gurnam ordered. I nodded my head in no. Gurnam grabbed the back my head with his right hand and pushed it towards his cock. He shook his cock in my face with his left hand, brushing it against my lips and nose. As it touched my lips, I looked up at Gurnam, pleading with my eyes to stop this. The stern look in his eyes and the firmness of his hands conveyed to me that he wasn't going to stop.

With no choice but to obey, I opened my mouth a little and gave his cock head a slow, short suck. I looked up Gurnam to see him smile but his firm grip on my head still hadn't loosened. I opened my mouth a little wider to let him slide in.

Their pungent smell and the bitter taste of their juices were evident the moment his cock touched my tongue. How perverse could I get? I was sucking on a cock which had been inside another pussy just a minute ago.

But all that sense of shame and perverseness was lost a couple of minutes later when I enthusiastically bobbed my head to and fro against his cock. As I sucked on his cock, I looked to my right and saw Shanti, lying in a fetal position on the couch, watching us with heavy, tired eyes.

I just kept staring at her; I was sure that she hadn't herself experienced something like this ever in her life. Her disbelief and arousal was evident even from those tired eyes. I kept looking at her, not noticing that I had stopped moving and Gurnam was fucking my mouth.

A hard squeeze of my boobs caught my attention. Gurnam's left hand was now alternating between my tits, squeezing them one after another. I looked up at Gurnam and immediately stopped sucking him. I pulled off my tank top and snapped open my bra and threw them on the floor.

Gurnam pulled me up on my feet and immediately cupped my boobs. He lowered his head on my puffed up left nipple and started sucking it. As he sucked on my boobs, Gurnam tried to yank my tight skirt down my legs but failed with each attempt.

Those forceful yanks displayed his desperation to see my pussy. I quietly unbuttoned the skirt and let him do the rest. In a second the skirt was pulled down and my cute little white panties were in full view.

"Hmmmm... " I moaned when Gurnam slid his palm inside my panties and cupped my pussy. The panties were an obstacle between Gurnam and my pussy and were immediately removed. As stepped out of them, Gurnam picked me up and placed me on the glass table. I shivered as the cold glass touched my naked bottom.

He stepped forward as I spread my legs and was about to enter when he stopped. He looked to his left at Shanti who was now sitting upright on the couch watching us. Gurnam looked back at me and smiled. I knew that smile, it was a sign that his devilishly kinky mind was up to something.

He pulled me off the table and brought me near the couch. He pulled me in front of him so that the couch was right behind me. With one strong shove, Gurnam pushed me on the couch. I fell on the couch with a loud thud which shocked Shanti so much that she yelped.

"Aaah... " I cried from the pain of the fall.

"Hahahaha... " Gurnam laughed looking at our reactions.

Gurnam again stepped forward as I spread my legs wide. He lowered himself to place his cock at my pussy. I licked my right palm and grabbed his cock with it and gave it a few jerks. I jacked his cock for a few more times, moving the foreskin back and forth, forcing more pre-cum to ooze out and lubricate his organ.

I placed the tip of his cock at my pussy and Gurnam did the rest by shoving it inside my pussy in one strong jerk.

"Aaahhh... " I cried in pain and pleasure as Gurnam immediately started fucking me in full speed. My body jerked violently from Gurnam's thrusting and within seconds got a massive orgasm.

"Ohhh... Aaaah... fuck... yeaaahhh." I screamed as my long awaited orgasm swept over me. Gurnam didn't slow down for my orgasm and I had been with him enough times to recover and recharge from my orgasm with him still fucking me.

Gurnam continued banging me hard, not stopping or even varying the pace of his strokes. I didn't get enough time recover from my first orgasm when I sensed another one coming in fast.

"Aaahhh... yeahh... fuck fuck... shitttt... " I hollered loud enough for anyone near by to hear me clearly. The orgasm was big and the couch was shaking from

Gurnam's violent thrusting, its steel legs making a loud creeky noise which added to my screaming.

The passion reached its height as my orgasm approached and in the melee, I grabbed Shanti's hand. Shanti was now watching us with wide eyes and I was sure she was very aroused.

I looked over at Shanti and our eyes locked. The woman I had just seen twice before and I had not even talked to was sitting next to me naked, seeing me and our lover fucking me like a mad bull.

"Aaaahh... Naaaaaa... Aaaaahh... " I screamed as the orgasm hit me. I shivered madly as I was completely engulfed by the power of my orgasm. I had sensed Gurnam too was on the edge when my orgasm approached but he had somehow managed to hold himself as I came.

As my orgasm eased a little, Gurnam again started fucking me but didn't last long. Just a few strokes later, he pulled his cock out of my pussy and started jerking it. He grabbed Shanti's hair and pulled her over my stomach and shoved his cock into her mouth.

"Aaaaaahhhh... " he moaned as he came. Shanti's mouth was flooded with his cum so much so that some of it dripped out of her mouth and fell on my stomach. He pulled out of her mouth and Shanti straightened up. I kept looking at her amusingly wondering whether she would spit or swallow. And she swallowed! The demure village damsel was a pro!

"Clean it up." Gurnam ordered and she immediately got busy sucking his cock. She sucked off all the cum on his cock and even the few drops that oozed out of his cock.

"Hey... clean her up as well." Gurnam ordered.

Shanti was a pro indeed but was completely in Gurnam's control. Shanti immediately lowered her head on my stomach and started licking off the drops of the cum that had fallen off her mouth.

I gasped as she gingerly lapped up the cum drops off my stomach. I had never been touched sexually by a woman and in a matter of minutes I had seen a woman have sex, have sex myself in front of her and was now her tongue was licking my stomach.

"Don't worry Aditi Madam, there is plenty more from where it came. Your turn will come soon." Gurnam said referring to the magnificent cum shot Shanti had received.

Shanti sat up after being done licking the cum off my stomach and Gurnam sat between us. We three just sat there quietly trying to catch our breaths after such a vigorous bout of sex. As we all came down from our orgasmic highs, Gurnam caught staring me at his cock. It was still intimidating and large for a flaccid cock. Even though I had seen it so many times, it still amazed me.

"You can go now Shanti, Madam and I need some time alone." Gurnam said. Shanti immediately got up and walked out of the cabin naked. She went over to the bathroom outside for a post sex shower.

As soon as Shanti left the room, Gurnam looked at me and said, "Aditi madam lets work on quenching your thirst now." He pulled me down to his cock and I lay down on my side, gobbling up Gurnam's cock as willingly as I always did.

After a few minutes, Shanti walked back into the cabin. By now, Gurnam and I had moved on and now I was on my fours on the couch as Gurnam held on to my fleshy butt and fucked me. Shanti just quietly walked, glancing at us just once.

The shocked, scandalized look on her face was gone and it was replaced by calm, don't care expression. She went to one corner of the room and started dressing up.

I watched her as she quietly wore her petticoat, her blouse and calmly draped the saree around her body. She barely looked at us, apart from the time when I gasped or yelped as Gurnam's stroking got intense.

"The money is in the drawer. Take it and go!" Gurnam told her even as he continued fucking me.

Shanti quietly walked over to the table, opened the drawer and picked out a couple of five hundred rupee notes. Gurnam slowed down his tempo as he watched Shanti take the money and walk her way out of the cabin. Shanti slowly walked towards the cabin door, keeping her head down the whole time. As she was about to pass in front us, she stopped, glanced at me.

I was watching her the whole time and as soon as she looked at me, our eyes met. She gave me a light smile. I too reciprocated with an awkward smile to which Shanti giggled lightly and started walking.

As Shanti stepped out of the cabin, Gurnam grabbed my ass tight and started fucking me hard. I was sure that Shanti could here my screams of pleasure as she walked away from the cabin and would hear them till she left the garage compound.

All this had happened in a matter of a few months. I, from being a loyal, loving wife had turned into a cum hungry slut of a mechanic. The thoughts of regret did bounce of mind a few times but the sex was too strong a force to keep them at bay.

Just when I had thought that I had seen it all, experienced it all; the frenzy, the chaos, the pleasure and the perverseness; just when I thought I couldn't go any lower, an incident occurred...

To be continued...
