foggy-night-in-india

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/foggy-night-in-india

Preface: When I discovered erotica on the internet over a decade ago, almost all the stories were written by Americans or Europeans. The few Indian stories were a mishmash of hurriedly described fantasies in bad grammar. The only exception was an author named Mary Jorsay Gandmar. The deliciously dirty Hindi pun in the name is indicative of her body of work - Caligulan levels of hardcore depravity dressed in perfect language, compelling narratives, and believable characters. And frequent use of typically Indian inter-class taboos.

Then suddenly she disappeared. If you google her name, you can still find a couple of dozen stories by her, especially on asstr. But there was one that I read ages ago, that was my absolute favorite, that I just can't find. She never posted it on asstr but on some other site that has since ceased to exist. It was written in diary format and was about a young lady stranded on a highway in India. And then eagerly, not under real duress, doing a lot of things to get going. In college, I fingered myself to countless orgasms while reading the story hundreds of times. Sadly, I never saved it. I have tried many different keyword searches but just can't find it. All that remains is a hazy yet detailed memory of that masterpiece of erotica.

So I have decided to rewrite it. But in my own voice and with my own choice of backstory and circumstances. For example, unlike the story where the protagonist was an 19 year old girl (just like me when I read it), here it's a 35 year old married woman with kids (just like me as I write it). The essential plot of the story stays the same. But I have added my own touches to it, so consider this an adaptation. I hope that wherever she is, she reads this story and doesn't hate it.

---------------

I finished the last of my chicken curry and roti, gulped down the tea, and got up. I looked around and surveyed my surroundings. Dark moonless winter night at a highway dhaba in the interior of eastern Uttar Pradesh. Fog all around us. The tables mostly empty. The dhaba's brick-structure illuminated by a flickering tubelight. And he stood right under the light, looking at me. From that angle, I couldn't see his face. But I am sure he was looking at me. What or who else could he be looking at?

I walked to the faucet by the side of the dhaba, bent down and started washing my hands. He approached. Even without looking at him, I could sense his gaze on my jeans-covered ass. I finished washing my hands and stood up. He handed me a ragged hand towel. I wiped my hands and looked at him. He was smiling knavishly.

"So?" he asked. "What did you decide?"

I said nothing and walked back to my table. He didn't follow me. I picked up my phone and checked it for the hundredth time that hour. Still no network. I raised it and moved it around, but in vain. No network coverage at all. Two AM on a dark foggy night in the boondocks, and my cellphone had no coverage. I looked back at the dhaba. He was sitting on the steps. I beckoned to him and he sprinted over.

"You're sure you can get me a ride in time?"

"Absolutely." he nodded eagerly.

"What if you're just lying to me?"

"I swear by Vaishnodevi I am not! It'll be here in an hour. And it'll get you to Meerut by noon."

I sat down, and ran my hands over my suitcase thoughtfully. I looked at him. He was cute in a rustic kind of way. Pleasant face with high prominent cheekbones and a three-day stubble. His sweater and trousers clung to his lithe petite 5 ft 2 frame. Short wiry hair. I guessed he was about 20 years old, so a decade and a half younger than me.

I was used to respect, even subservience from guys his age, especially in his socio-economic class. Yes, there were whistles and catcalls and stares on the streets sometimes, especially in Delhi. And what woman in India hasn't endured faceless gropes on crowded streets? But an elaborate well thought out proposition of the kind this boy had made! It almost seemed like one of those MTV pranks.

I looked into his twinkling light brown eyes and reconsidered his proposition. The look of eager admiration in his eyes made me seriously think about it.

I hadn't gotten laid in a while anyway. Almost two months. A decade long marriage by itself would have severely undermined any couple's sex life. Add to it four years of dating and we now had almost 15 years of sexual monotony. Add to it demanding travel-heavy dual careers. Two kids who refused to go to bed unless threatened with decapitation or bribed with riches. The inescapable toll time takes on the body. It's a miracle we had any sex at all.

Of course, there had been opportunities and temptations to stray. Although not quite the Perfect Ten I used to be in college, I was still attractive enough to turn some heads. There were flirtations and come-ons of varying levels of intensity at work, in hotels, in parties, at holiday resorts, parent-teacher meetings, and of course in the gym.

I had always resisted the temptations. Had never let it go beyond really blatant flirting and maybe a cop and feel when drunk during a dance. And then imagining my pursuer in my masturbatory fantasies or while having sex.

I'd like to think it was all based on morality. But honestly, a large part of it was the hassle of complications that could arise and the possible shaming in the still conservative Indian upper middle class. I knew some women (and men) who had strayed, had been found out, and their family lives and careers were irreparably damaged.

So more than moral, my concerns were practical. Although not ideal, I had a pretty good life. Why throw it all away? I had too much to lose.

Except here. He didn't even know my name. Or where I lived. Had no real motivation or resources to hunt me down and demand more. Expose me if I refused. And even if he did, so what? A dalliance with a colleague, neighbor, friend, or acquaintance, if exposed, could be proven or at least seem plausible. Who would believe this guy?

"Well?" he broke my reverie.

"Okay." I shrugged and immediately shuddered at what I had just said.

"What?" The smile disappeared from his face.

"Okay." Saying it a second time made it even scarier.

"Really?"

For the first time that night he suddenly seemed unsure and nervous. Like a poker player who had gone all in on a pair of sixes expecting everyone to fold, but had instead been called on his bluff.

"Yeah, really! I have to get to Meerut at all costs."

Which wasn't strictly true. Yes, getting to Meerut in time was crucial to closing on a multi-million dollar contract. And missing the meeting would lead to a lot of groveling, explanations, discounts, and fending off more attacks from the competition. Still, if I didn't get there in time, it wouldn't end my career or anything. Once they saw my totaled car, I would be off the hook.

But now, the idea had taken root. The temptation had been succumbed to in all but deed.

I got up and stood right in front of him with my hands in my jacket pockets. He gave me a nervous smile and turned around.

"Okay...come with me..." he picked up my suitcase and started heading towards the dhaba "...no no....wait here....or maybe.....yes wait here. I'll put your bag away."

I stood there as he picked up my suitcase and started walking towards the dhaba. A few steps later, he walked back.

"The purse?"

"I'll hang on to it." I patted the purse dangling from my elbow.

"Okay.." he turned around and then stopped after a couple of steps. "Actually, come with me."

I followed him to the dhaba. He opened the door to a room and walked inside it with my suitcase. Then I heard a woman's voice. She talked with him in what sounded like an annoyed voice. They had a bit of an argument. I wasn't sure who it was. His wife? Mother? Sister?

As the argument continued, I gave a bit of a start as a few feet away from me, something moved. Or rather someone moved. I hadn't noticed that an old man was sleeping on a mattress by the wall, covered with a blanket. He sat up, reached for his glasses, and put them on. They were thick glasses, as if made of coke bottle bottoms. He looked at me, confused. I looked back at his magnified eyeballs with a blank expression, unsure of what to say.

The argument got louder as the guy walked out of the room, followed by a fat woman in her 50s, presumably his mother.

"I am telling you, I will be back soon."

"Nonsense! Who will look after the dhaba? Just ask her to phone someone." she noticed me standing there and glared at me. I wasn't sure what to say to her. Obviously, he wouldn't have told her the truth about the quid pro quo.

"I told you, there is no network." he walked down the steps and was next to me. He then noticed the old man. "And grandpa is awake."

The woman walked close to me and gave me a stern look.

"500 rupees." she said.

"What?"

"My son is an idiot, being the good samaritan at the expense of business. But you look like you can afford 500 rupees."

I had no idea what this woman was saying. Yes, I could afford 500 rupees. My boss would have approved a voucher for a hundred times that to get me to Meerut. But 500 rupees for what exactly?

She took my confused silence for refusal.

"Okay, 300. Or he stays here."

The guy was unlocking his bicycle.

"Ma, don't be so greedy." he yelled.

I quickly reached into my purse and fished out a 500 rupee note. The woman snatched it from my hand and walked towards her room.

"Don't be too late!" she said and slammed the door shut.

He pushed the bicycle with his hand and asked me to follow him. We walked about 50 feet when he gave me the bicycle and said,

"Just a minute. I have to give grandpa some instructions."

The skinny old man who was now trying to stand up, listened as the guy whispered something in his ear. He then looked at me and nodded. The boy walked back to me, took the bicycle and led me to the road. He threw his leg over it and lowered his bony butt on the hard underwear shaped seat.

"Sit."

"Where?"

"On the bar obviously."

I hadn't sat on a bicycle bar since I was a kid. It took me a while to stabilize my butt on that cold metallic bar. His stubble rubbed against my cheek as he grabbed the handle and started pedaling. We rode on the highway for about 200 meters past what remained of my car. Then he turned onto a dirt track between the trees into the fog. Another 100 meters or so and we were at a thatched clay hut, about 20 feet by 15 feet. I got off the bicycle and he propped it against a tree. My eyes had gotten used to the darkness by now.

"Here?" I asked and he nodded.

The hut's door was a sheet of old cardboard. He moved it aside, led me in and "closed" it again. The room was completely dark. And it was colder than outside. Even with my multiple layers, I felt a slight chill. Then I heard the sound of a match being struck as he lit a kerosene lantern hanging from the roof. The hut was filled with dim yellow light from the oil flame.

It seemed to be a storage of sorts. There was firewood piled up in a corner with some wooden crates. There was a rusty old iron cupboard a few feet away from me. And a khatiya, which is a cot with a wooden frame and ropes, propped up against it.

As I was looking around, suddenly the kid lunged at me, pushing me against the clay wall. His fingers struggle with the zipper of my jacket for a few seconds before he opened it. He was about half a foot shorter than me, so his kisses landed on my neck and shoulder. His hands then slipped under my sweater and my top and started rolling them up. Soon he had rolled them up to under my armpits and my bra was in sight.

"Wow!" he said and started clumsily kissing my boobs over the bra. "I had no idea they were so big."

I winced at the coldness of his fingers as they dug into my bra and scooped my boobs out. He was a busy little fella, and soon his lips and his stubble were rubbing against both my boobs.

"Ouch!" I said as he bit my left nipple. With my torso exposed I was feeling really cold and my nipples were naturally erect as a result.

"They're so big. Much bigger than Chameli's or Parvati's."

I did not ask whether these ladies were his girlfriends or ladies of the night.

He bit the other nipple with less force and then starting licking my boobs. My hands were by my sides. I raised them and put them on his bony shoulder blades. Then I traced an arc along his sides to his waist and started pulling his sweater up. His shirt rolled up with it.

He took a break from eating my tits and looked a little surprised at what my hands were doing. Although I had accepted his offer, I don't think he expected me to be an equal participant in the act. He looked into my eyes and smiled. Then he pulled off the sweater and the shirt himself.

Before I could examine his chest properly, he was wrapped around me again. This time while his mouth returned to my boobs, his hands went behind me and grabbed my ass. He squeezed it for a few seconds and then started grinding his crotch against my thighs. I could feel his erection through his pants and mine.

I put my hands on his bare back and hugged him, mindful of the heat and moisture developing between my legs. This scrawny fella wasn't much to look at. His mouth and hands moved with the finesse of a sputtering lawnmower. And yet, so starved was my body of male contact, that I was responding to him.

I felt his hands maul my ass and I wanted to feel his fingers inside my pants. I took one hand off his back and unbuttoned my jeans. He felt the fabric at my waist loosed and immediately slipped his hands inside. Inside my jeans and my panties. And his rough thin fingers now started rubbing all over my ass. His erection was grinding into my thigh even harder.

While his stubble was still rubbing against my tits, his hands seemed very pleased with my ass. I decided to reciprocate and moved my hands to his ass. The bare minimum flesh. Not made for grabbing. But still, feeling another man's buttocks felt nice.

He inhaled loudly and raised his face. he looked back to see my hands on his ass and then turned his head back and smiled at me.

"Are you a memsaab or a randi (whore)?" he said and chuckled.

Although the remark was made half in jest, I felt a surge of rage. I lowered my head and bit him on the neck really hard.

"OWWWW!!!" he screamed and jumped back.

"Don't call me a randi!" I said angrily.

He rubbed his neck and stared at me a few seconds. Then he took a step forward and tentatively flicked my still erect nipples one by one. As if to test if my outburst meant that the deal was off. I grabbed him by the back of his head and pulled him into a kiss to assure him it wasn't.

"Don't you know you're supposed to kiss during this?" I said while my full lips attacked his thin rough ones.

He was taken aback for a moment, and then started kissing me back. His tongue darted into my mouth right away, so he wasn't alien to the concept. As we kissed, he slipped his hands into my panties again and this time started running his finger through my butt crack.

Our bodies rubbed against each other as we kissed for several minutes. He had one hand exploring my ass and another squeezing my tits. Then he broke the kiss and staggered back as I released my grip on his head.

He walked to the cupboard, picked up the khatiya propped against it, and brought it to where I was standing. He laid it on all four legs and pushed me towards it. I started lowering my jeans and panties while I sat down on it. The rough thick thread of the cot felt unfamiliar against my naked butt and when I put my weight on it, I felt the flesh form into several rhombus shaped protrusions through it.

"Wow!" he said staring at my pussy and started helping me take the jeans off.

When the jeans got stuck around my ankles, I realized that the boots I was wearing were too big for them to just slide off. I bent down to take them off, but he was too impatient. He tugged at my jeans and they were inside out extending from my feet in his hand.

He tugged at the jeans hard, making the cot slide towards him and making me fall back on it.

"Listen, the boots.."

I started saying, but by now his tugging was having effect. The bottom of the jeans stretched and started slowly moving along the boots. After they passed over the heel, the jeans came off in one rapid motion, making him stagger backwards, and making my legs fly upwards in ricochet.

"Ooooooh!" he whined in delight at the sight of my naked ass and pussy suspended in the air for a second as my legs were almost above my head.

When the legs started coming back down under guidance from the laws of physics, he leaped forward and stopped their descent. He grabbed my feet by the boots and parted them, staring down at the sight it showed him. I had shaved down there just a couple of days ago, so my pussy was almost completely naked.

"Hrrrrrrrrhhhhh." he let out a groan of appreciation. My tits, still naked with my sweater, shirt and bra bunched up under my armpits, jigled back and forth as his knees banged against the edge of the cot.

He let go of my left leg and with that hand started unbuttoning his pants. I kept my leg in the position he had left it and started at the crotch of his pants, keen to see what bounty awaited me.

I was only able to see it for a second or so because as soon as he got it out, he bent his knees and shoved it into my now moist cunt.

"Uhmmmmm." he said as my warm cunt walls wrapped around his dick.

What I felt inside me confirmed what my eyes had seen for a couple of seconds. It was slightly below average in size. On closer examination a while later, I guessed it to be around 4 inches or so. Not much in terms of girth either. My husband is a little over seven inches, so this this penetration didn't exactly test the limits of my cunt.

He let go of my legs, leaned forward, put his elbows on the cot under my armpits and started fucking me with a rapid motion.

He wasn't much in terms of size. And he wasn't anything at all in terms of technique. So in pure physical terms, he wasn't exactly setting my loins on fire. But the relatively rare sensation of a warm hard boner inside me still felt good. Just shows how badly I was aching to be fucked. I even moaned a little.

He wasn't exactly the dream lover between the legs. But I decided to make the most of it. I wrapped my legs around his butt and pulled him in as deep as I could. I put my hands around his head and drew him into another kiss, as he kept fucking me at a really rapid pace.

"URHHHHHHHHH!!!" he closed his eyes and grunted hard barely a minute later.

I started his warm semen start shooting into my cunt. He kept humping me as he came for half a minute after he was done cumming, as if wishing it had lasted longer. And then he collapsed on top of me, breathless. Luckily he didn't weigh much so only the cot creaked, not my bones.

I was also a little breathless. When he rolled off me and lay by my side, I felt my cunt with my hands. There was a lot of sticky stuff there. For something that had lasted such a short amount of time, the incident had left quite a lot of evidence.

I scooped his cum out and instinctively rubbed it against my rolled up sweater, regretting it at once. The rest of the remnants I rubbed against the thick threads of the cot.

"Maza aaya (Did you enjoy it)?" he propped his head up on his elbow and asked. I politely nodded. His hand reached down, rubbed my pussy and then patted it.

"How is it that you have no hair down there?" he asked.

"I shave it." I said.

"Shave it? With a razor?" he was genuinely surprised. Women in his world probably kept their bushes intact.

"Yes."

"What if you cut yourself?" he asked, rubbing my pussy again.

"I don't."

"How is that possible? I have been shaving my beard for 5 years now and I still occasionally cut myself. This..." he pinched my labia and then unintentionally rubbed my clit for a second before moving on to other parts, "...is so uneven."


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/foggy-night-in-india?page=2

I didn't exactly know how to explain to him the mechanics of shaving pussy, so I stayed silent. He played with my pussy artlessly for a couple of minutes in silence and then put his hand on my hips. He pushed at it and I rolled over on my side away from him reading his intent.

"Kya mast gaand hai (what an amazing ass!)" he said, and spanked it. The smack filled the tiny room.

"Next time I will fuck you from behind." he said, filling me with conflicting emotions. On the one hand, I hoped he didn't mean he wanted to fuck me in the ass. On the other hand, I was happy there would be a next time and I hoped this one would last longer.

I really wanted him to have another go at me. I decided to take things into my own hands. Or my own mouth.

He smiled happily when I rolled off the cot but instead of getting dressed or walking away, stood between his legs. He was then astounded when I squatted and pulled his hips forward. And he was about ready to faint from shock when squatting in front of him, I took his limp dick in my mouth and started sucking on it.

"Oh wow!"

"Oh man!"

"Oh brother!"

"Oh mother!"

"Oh amazing!"

He kept letting out exclamations of delight as I put my considerable talents at fellatio to work. I wanted him hard and I wanted him inside me. Once I had crossed the threshold, no point in half measures. I was happy when in a minute or so, his dick started responding. My ass was freezing by now. In a couple of minutes, it was fully erect again. All four inches of dark brown sausage.

In deference to his wishes, I got on the cot on my hands and knees and arched my back to make my ass jutt out. The jute matting of the cot swayed as he got on his knees in position behind me. I wrapped my fingers around the thick threads and waited to be fucked again. My boots were still on and their toes rested inside gaps in the matting.

He grabbed my hips and entered me with ease. This time, I was happy to note that he didn't start rutting me like a goat in heat. He started off with deep slow strokes. I thrust back with my ass in his rhythm and soon we were fucking again. The body heat warmed me up soon and I didn't feel as cold anymore.

He took one hand off my hip, and reached forward to grab one of my swaying boobs as he fucked me. This was much better. Yes, this felt much better. I took one hand off the cot and started playing with my clit. Soon we were both moaning and groaning as our thighs slapped against each other loudly.

He increased his pace gradually this time and by the time he was hammering me hard, was had been doing it for almost ten minutes. It felt good to know it wasn't going to be another two minute maggi noodle experience.

SMACK! HMM! SMACK! HMM! SMACK! HMM!

He spanked me every few seconds making loud noises as he did so in appreciation of how my butt jiggled. My fingers were giving me as much pleasure as his dick and pretty soon I brought myself to a small orgasm as he kept fucking me. He groaned in happiness as my slight shuddering during the orgasm was felt by his dick too.

"HRMMMMMMMMMM"

A loud throaty grunt.

But it didn't sound like him. It came from door. I turned my head sideways and saw that the cardboard door had a 4 inch gap in it. And the lantern light from inside the room was reflecting off the thick glasses of the old man, who was hunched over, taking the sight in. The sight of his presumable grandson fucking a bonafide urban memsaab.

"What the hell?" I said, annoyed. But I was enjoying the fucking too much to stop. I did however pull my sweater down to hide my swinging tits from the old man.

The boy looked at his grandfather, clicked his tongue and said in an irritated tone while continuing to fuck me.

"Daddu!"

Like me, he too was too engrossed in the sex to stop. As the fucking continued, all sorts of thoughts ran through my head. The shameful shock as well as forbidden pleasure of having sex while someone watched. A worry that the old man might want to fuck me next. A bigger worry that I might actually want the old man to fuck me next.

"MMMHHHHHHHHHH"

This time it was the boy. His thighs slapped against mine faster as he started shooting his cum inside me again. I looked at the old man who was just watching everything with a flat expression on his face. And for some reason that did it. I started cumming too, this time not from my fingering, but from the increased pace of the dick inside me combined with the kinky delight at being watched.

We both were groaning and yelling in orgasmic pleasure as the old man watched, for about 20 seconds. And then the dick finally got done shooting its jizz inside me. The boy, making a habit of it now, collapsed on top of me again. His wet dick rubbed against my ass as I took the weight of his slight frame on my back. And we both just lay there for a minute or so, breathing heavily.

The boy rolled off me and started putting his clothes on.

"Daddu!! Go back to the dhaba! The truck will be here any minute!"

Daddu cast one long look at my naked ass and then shuffled away.

"Truck?" I asked, getting off the cot myself.

"Yes, your ride."

"My ride is a truck? What the fuck?" I said the last line in English unable to resist the rhyme.

"What?"

"You said it was a taxi." I said, taking my boots off so I could put my jeans back on.

"No!" he said, buttoning his pants. "I never said taxi. You asked me if you could get a taxi somewhere because you had to get to Meerut by noon urgently. And I said I could get you a ride to Meerut. I never said it would be a taxi. It's a truck that always comes by around this time of the week. Like clockwork. I know the guys. They will take you to Meerut."

I snorted and laughed, slipping my panties on.

"You sneaky motherfucker!" I said.

Ten minutes later, we were walking back to his dhaba, fully clothed. I didn't fancy that bicycle ride again. We didn't really talk much. It was that familiar awkward silence that follows when you are fully clothed with a stranger you've just had sex with. Or so I imagine. I had never done it before.

Sure enough, there was a truck at the dhaba. A truck that had clearly seen better days, probably back when Nehru was running the country. There was a nondescript balding guy checking the tires. He looked at me as I walked to my old table 50 feet away from him and sat down. He kept sneaking glances at me, and I got the feeling he was smiling.

The old man was blowing life back into the wooden fire they cooked on. I sat and checked my phone in vain for any sign of a network. I sat there waiting for the boy to arrange things with the truck guys.

Going all the way to Meerut in this rusty old heap didn't seem like good news for my bones. But at least I could get a ride to the next major town. There I could get a taxi, report my accident to the police and call my insurance company about where my car was.

The boy walked out from behind the truck talking to a big swarthy bearded guy in a loose Pathani pyjama kurta that screamed truck driver. They were talking in low voices about something. The big bearlike guy looked at me for a few seconds expressionlessly and looked away.

He walked to a table on the other edge of the seating area, even farther away from me and sat down. The nondescript guy, presumably his cleaner, followed him. The boy turned and started walking to the dhaba. I looked at him questioningly and he nodded and held his hand up, signaling me to wait. He walked to the old man who was now cooking, spoke to him for a minute, and then started walking towards me with a glass of tea.

"Thank you." I gladly wrapped my cold fingers around the hot cup and took a sip.

He stood there looking uncomfortable.

"Did you talk to them about giving me a lift?"

"Do you want something to eat?"

"No. So did you ask them or should I?"

He sat down next to me looking very guilty.

"What is it?" I asked.

"You have to believe me. It wasn't my idea."

"What wasn't?"

"I told them memsaab will give you 2,000 rupees if you give her a lift to Meerut."

"That's fine." I said, relieved. "Don't worry about the money."

"It's not that." he said, scratching the table with his fingers.

"Then?"

"They....well..... Daddu told them."

"Daddu told them what? Ohhhhh...." I understood what he was trying to get at.

"They want to fuck you too."

I sat there stunned. I looked at the two men. The driver was just sitting there with his eyes closed. The cleaner kept looking at me every few seconds and smiling. I wasn't sure I wanted to do this. Once was an aberration enough. With a cute cocky little guy I could keep in line. These were two rough looking truckers. Then again, these were two rough looking truckers. They were eating from the plates Daddu had brought out for them.

For the next twenty minutes, I stared at the table and at the stars above me, struggling with my emotions. I weighed the decision morally, careerwise, and sexually. There were so many reasons not to do it that they outweighed the only real reason to do it. The cleaner guy stared at me more and more blatantly, making a few weird gestures once in a while. The burly driver kept his attention on the food.

They finished their food and got up. Then they started walking into the woods with the boy. The boy gestured with his eyes to follow them. At this point, I had more or less decided not to. Screw the Meerut meeting. But as I saw the men, real men not boys, saunter off in the direction of the cabin, my legs moved on their own and I started following them. I walked into the fog.

Soon I was in the now familiar hut again. The driver was sitting on the cot, cleaning his teeth with a toothpick. The cleaner was standing by a wall staring at me blatantly. The boy, perhaps still guilty about getting me into this predicament, was standing outside deferentially.

"Name?" the driver looked at me nonchalantly and asked in a gruff voice.

"What difference does it make?" I shrugged.

"Hmmm." He seemed satisfied with that.

I stood inside by the cardboard door, and thought about chickening out at the last minute. If I did, would they let me? These were two strong men who had me alone at their mercy in the middle of nowhere. If I refused, they could just force me to do it. Would they have? I'll never know. But at that moment, I was doing my best to rationalize my actions.

"Aap jaldi nangi ho jaiye (Please get naked quickly)" the cleaner chuckled and said.

I was slightly amused by his use of the respectful pronoun. Was it meant to be ironic?

I nodded and took my jacket off. Then my sweater. I remembered the trouble with the boots earlier. I took them off next, but kept my socks on. The dirt floor didn't look like something I wanted to walk on barefoot. I then unbuttoned my jeans and slipped them off. The two men stared at me as I revealed more and more of my naked skin with each garment.

The shirt came off next and I was now in my bra, panties, and socks in the dim yellow light of the lantern. At that point, I stopped. The cleaner was ogling my half naked body with the gaze of a hungry baboon, staring particularly at my cleavage. The driver, still chewing on the toothpick, was however just looking at me as if he had seen me like that many times before.

The driver gestured with his fingers for me to approach him. Shivering from the cold air and the anticipation of what was to come next, I walked towards the cot. I stood in front of him, observing him from up close for the first time. He had broad shoulders, and hairy forearms as big as tree trunks protruding from his rolled up sleeves. The neck of his kurta revealed a patch of thick hair at the top of his chest. And hanging there was a rectangular taveez giving a hint of his origins.

He looked up at my face. Then his hand went to his waist and he untied the knot of his pyjama. He fished out a semi-erect dick from a thick bush of pubic hair. I got on my knees in autopilot and took a closer look. It was certainly bigger than the boy's. Not as big as my husband's yet. But seemed decently thick. And it was circumcised, so he was definitely Muslim.

I felt his hand on the back of my head, pulling me towards it. I opened my mouth, wrapped my right hand around the base of the dick and licked it. Salty. I wrapped my lips around it and sucked. The head responded by expanding. I took more of the dick in my mouth and sucked, and it started growing rapidly.

With my right index finger and thumb wrapped around the base, I kept sucking his dick, pushing my tongue against it, and with my left hand, played with his balls. He took his hand off my head for a moment to reach down and unhook my bra. The ease and grace with which he did it indicated that unlike the boy, he was quite experienced in these matters.

I took my hands off his dick to slip off my bra, and got back to sucking his now fully erect dick. I was naked except for my panties and my socks, on my knees on the dirt floor of a hut, giving fellatio to a burly truck driver who probably earned less in a year than I did in a week. And yet here I was, sucking his dick hungrily. Shivering occasionally from the cold but still going strong.

He kept pressure on my head with his left hand although it wasn't necessary. His right hand went between his legs, reached for my gently saying boobs and examined them. Not for very long. Just a few seconds. Unlike the boy who had been all over my boobs, this guy just cursorily squeezed them, as if checking for cancerous lumps. Then he put that hand on the cot, sat back, and let me do my thing.

The cleaner was watching this scene with a smile on his face leaning against the wall a few feet away. I wasn't sure if the boy was still out there but the cardboard door was propped closed.

I sucked and licked, nibbled and pecked, squeezed and shook for close to fifteen minutes. His dick, about an inch shorter than my husband's but about one and a half times as thick, just stayed erect and non-responsive. Eventually my jaw started hurting.

He put a hand on my shoulder and pushed me back. Then he took his pyjama off completely, put his legs on the cot and lay down on his back, his dick erect, bending slightly upwards. I took this to mean that I was supposed to mount him.

I got up and slipped my panties off. This gave the cleaner a nice view of my naked ass and he whistled in appreciation. Now completely naked except for the socks, I climbed onto the cot where I had first been unfaithful to my husband an hour ago.

The cot creaked and its roped matting stretched and swayed as I struggled on my hands and knees to straddle the big guy. I put my knees on either side of his thighs. I was expecting him to make some effort to enter me. But he just lay there staring at the roof.

I reached down with my right hand and positioned his flagpole at the entrance of my cunt. It was wet so the thick head slipped in easily. I was lowering myself on him slowly, letting his thick girth make its way up my insides, when I felt his hands on my waist. He pulled me down in one strong motion and I gasped as his dick was completely inside me, his balls rubbing against my butt cheeks.

Having penetrated me fully, he let his hands drop to the side again. With his dick inside me, I started moving my hips in a front and back motion. His dick rubbed gently against my g-spot as I did that, filling me with a new kind of bliss. With my hands, I pushed up his kurta revealing a sizeable paunch and a barrel chest, with thick curly hair all over.

I have a thing for chest hair. My hips tracking a cross over his crotch with his dick fully inside me, I bent down and nuzzled his chest hair. I licked his thick dark nipples as my boobs rubbed against his stomach. He put his hand on my head and ran his fingers through my hair.

Then with my torso still on his, he grabbed my waist. I stopped my movements as he started plunging his dick upwards in deep strokes.

"Holy fuck!" I said biting my lips as his pistoning sent new waves of delight surging through my body.

Still gripping me by the waist, he started pounding me harder and harder, til at one point, with every stroke of his, my ass would be in the air a couple of inches above his lap. The room was filled with the obscene sound of our skin slapping against each other and my groans. The big bear himself though was completely silent.

I put my hands on cot under his armpits and straightened my arms. This made my jugs sway back and forth over his chest. He looked at them expressionlessly and kept hammering my cunt.

A few minutes later, I straightened my torso and leaned backwards, putting my hands on his thighs. What a great decision that was. That angle made his dick pleasure the front walls of my cunt even harder. I was leaning backwards, my boobs swinging up and down hard as this rugged specimen of masculinity kept drilling into me. Soon I started shuddering and had a massive orgasm, hollering my way through it. He had stepped up his pace even more to guide me through the orgasm.

Once I was done cumming, I leaned forward again and my chest collapsed on his. He grabbed my ass with both hands and kept pumping me for another fifteen minutes or so. I was a drooling and moaning mess on top of him, a rag doll at his disposal. My head was resting sideways on his hairy chest and with my half-open eyes, I could see that the cleaner now had his dick out and was stroking it while watching this erotic scene.

I came once more as the beast kept pumping me relentlessly, testing the structural integrity of the cot. He put one thick finger into my ass and kept it there for the remaining duration of our coitus. The four legs had been creaking and squeaking the whole time but I was in too delirious a state to care if the cot did break.

I was getting the kind of sexual pleasure I had never experienced before. And I was liking. Having always dated smart, sensitive, well brought up men (and eventually marrying one), I was used to being treated gently in bed. I was used to partners who cared about my needs, responded to my wants, and tried a lot of things.

This was a whole new feeling, one I found myself actually liking. Ceaselessly rough, dispassionate, animalistic pounding. No changing positions, no kissing, no cuddling, no fondling. Just pure fucking with the only intention being the ejaculation of semen. Yes, I had cum a couple of times while we fucked but the beast wouldn't have a given a damn if I hadn't. I was just a warm wet hole for his dick to pound, with a face that wasn't ugly enough to make him lose his erection.

By the time he started pumping his load into me, I had lost count of my orgasms. I was like a mumbling drooling heap of jelly on top of him. His jizz filled my insides and started leaking out along the sides of his dick. When he got done cumming, he lay there for five seconds. Then I felt his finger exit my anus. And then he matter-of-factly pushed me off him as if shaking off a fly.

I lay on the cot on my sides, still shaking and quivering, as he got up, pulled on his pyjama and straightened his kurta. He hadn't made a peep this entire time. I watched the fuck of my life feeling almost drunk but he wasn't giving me as much as a second glance.

I felt the cot creak again. The nondescript cleaner was now naked and had joined me for his turn.

"Don't take too long." the driver said opening the cardboard door.

"Yes boss." the cleaner said rolling me over on my knees.

I tried to raise myself up on my hands, but I was too exhausted to sustain that position. My shoulders crashed on the ropes of the cot and my head lay sideways. My ass was jutting up in the air though, with my cunt gaping open from the recent assault. The cleaner entered me.

He really was nondescript. I don't even remember how he looked. Or whether his dick was big or small. All I remember is, he ravaged my nearly limp body in that position for about ten minutes, fucking me hard. And just on the verge of cumming, he took his dick out, got off the cot, made me sit up and unloaded his sperm into my mouth. I immediately spat it out on the floor and sprawled back on the cot, exhausted.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/foggy-night-in-india?page=3

The cleaner got dressed and walked out of the hut. The boy came in. I looked at him with semi-closed eyes. Had he been watching the whole time? Did he want another go? I didn't care. I just wanted to sleep.

Turns out he didn't want another go. He helped me get dressed, and led exhausted staggering old me back to the dhaba and helped me on to the truck. I sat on the cheap rexine seat, leaned against the backrest and passed out.

BLAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRNNNNNN

I woke up with a start at the sound of a loud truck horn. It was daylight but there was still fog. It wasn't a dream. I was sleeping with my head on the lap of the cleaner. His hands were inside my jacket, fondling my boobs over my shirt.

"Awake?" he leered as I looked up at his face. "Want to fuck again in the back, memsaab?"

"Shut up!" the driver growled. "It's tough enough driving in this fog."

I sat up and rubbed my eyes. I looked at my watch. It was a little before 8 in the morning.

"Where are we?" I asked rubbing my eyes.

"Half an hour away from Kanpur." the driver answered, his eyes still on the road.

"Could you drop me at the airport?"

He nodded.

For the next half an hour, the cleaner kept fondling my ass and my boobs, whispering requests for a quickie. I negotiated it down to a blowjob. When the truck pulled up outside Kanpur airport, I was on my knees on the floor of the truck's cabin, with the cleaner's jizz in my mouth again. This time I swallowed.

He helped me get down from the truck, squeezing my ass one last time as he did so. The driver handed me my bags and without as much as a goodbye, drove off.

The CISF security guards wrapped in shawls outside the terminal were staring at me in confusion. It's not often that a memsaab gets off a rickety old truck. But it wasn't just that. I realized that my jacket was unzipped, and the cleaner's grimy palm prints were all over my shirt.

"Charter flights office?" I asked.

The security guards pointed me towards it. I could still make it to Meerut by noon.
