my-unusual-marriage

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/my-unusual-marriage

The first time I saw Dharamji, I got a creepy vibe from him instantly. It was when Parth and his mom had come to "see" me, as it is said in Indian arranged marriage lingo. I thought he was an uncle because we knew Parth's father had died many years ago. Instead he was introduced as their family friend, business partner, and "benefactor", which I found to be a strange word.

I had eyes only for Parth, the handsome and sweet 26 year old my father had chosen for me. He was from our sub-caste, was well-educated, and had a successful manufacturing business. In the arranged marriage market, honestly, he was quite out of my league and I was surprised they even considered me. I come from a lower middle class family, am not very well educated, don't have a career, and although I am not ugly or anything, I am not exactly drop-dead gorgeous. Average body, average face. Like a heroine's best friend in a Bollywood movie. I never had a line of boys throwing themselves at me like some of my pretty friends did.

However, my sixth sense tingled at the way Dharamji still looked at me. Nothing shameless or open. Just the way he would glance at my chest and the look in his eyes whenever I would move in and out of the kitchen serving food to everyone. It was like an audition for being a dutiful housewife while I ignored his looks.

"Come Shama beti." Parth's mom Pritha said. "Sit with me."

"Ji aunty." I said.

"Don't say aunty. Say maa-ji." she smiled.

"Ji maaji." I obediently responded and sat next to her.

She lovingly ran her hand over my pallu covered head.

"You are very pretty and nice and a great cook." she said. "I look forward to passing all my responsibilities on to you."

My father looked up and smiled.

"Does that mean we should consider it a sure thing?"

"If the boy and girl are ready, why not?"

I noticed Parth looking at me and then at Dharamji who gave a short nod. In years to come, I often thought about this moment. Who had chosen me exactly?

Parth said,

"I am ready."

All eyes turned to me. I liked Parth and his mother. It was a great match on paper. So despite the weird feeling I had about this burly old man sitting next to them, I nodded and blushed as was expected of me. There were hugs exchanged and hands shaken and the celebratory sweets brought out. There I was, at 22, just out of college, ready to get married.

The wedding was an elaborate multi-day affair. Breaking with tradition, Parth's family insisted on paying for the whole thing and also planning it. Which relieved my father even more, because he was planning to dip into his retirement savings to fund my wedding.

During the wedding week, I was too busy with all the rituals and packing and everything to think of much else. Dharamji was again a constant presence and every time he was around, my guard would be up. He barely said anything. But it was the way he looked at me. And how Parth and his mom seemed to not notice the looks.

There was one particular incident which unnerved me more than usual.

It was the evening of the sangeet, a function that involves singing and dancing. I was in my bridal suite getting ready. Present with me were a couple of my female cousins. I was in my petticoat and blouse, getting make up on before wrapping the sari around me. There was a knock on the door.

"Please come in, maaji." my cousin said opening the door as Pritha, my mother-in-law to be walked in.

"You look gorgeous, beta." she said beaming.

"Thank you, maaji." I said.

My cousin was about to close the door, but Pritha held it open. And I almost jumped out of my skin when a second later, Dharamji walked in! He lumbered in, standing tall and fat, with his thick facial hair and his bushy eyebrows went up as he saw me.

"Dharamji and I thought we would come see how you were doing."

How I was doing? I was doing fine until she led this creepy old man into my room while my cleavage and midriff were on display. Even my cousins looked shocked. I looked around for something to cover myself with. I was stunned. As a woman, especially an elderly woman about to be my mother-in-law, surely Pritha should have had the sense to keep the old man outside until I got more fully dressed. But she seemed utterly oblivious of how I felt.

Eventually one of my cousins handed me a shawl and I covered my torso. In the few seconds that took, I saw Dharamji's eyes leering at my body. He wasn't even pretending to look away.

"So what is the main dance finale for tonight?" maaji asked,

For the next fifteen minutes or so, they were in the room talking to us about the night's festivities and plans. Dharamji kept throwing me stares making me feel very comfortable. I was still sitting wrapped in the shawl, not sure when the old man would leave so I could finish getting ready. Finally they left.

The wedding was a happy and fancy one for everyone concerned. Parth and I were exhausted though. On our wedding night, all we could do was plonk on the bed and fall asleep. It was not until I had moved in with him that we finally had sex. It was my first time. Parth was very gentle and loving. He was mindful of not hurting me too much.

Married life was something new for me to get used to. We lived in a self-contained building owned by Dharamji. On the bottom floor was a large 3 bedroom apartment where maaji, Parth and I lived. In the back were some servant quarters. The family was well off and had a couple of maids, security guards, cooks, and drivers. Half of them stayed in the quarters, the other half only came to work during the day. On the top floor, there were two apartments. One where Dharamji lived. And another which served as his and Parth's office. Parth spent half his time at the factory a short distance away and half his time in the office.

I don't know what exactly I was expecting from marriage. So I didn't know what to make of whatever I experienced, compared to a "normal" one. The honeymoon was a short and sweet one in Mauritius, and Parth was a nice and decent husband, but he was a quiet and shy type of a person. We were practically strangers I guess. And with me also being usually shy and reserved, my mom had told me it could take a few months if not years to get a real relationship going.

Parth's life mostly revolved around his work. He put in long hours, and even after coming home, was usually buried in files or plans or his laptop. We got to know each other's likes and dislikes and so on. But still there seemed to be a distance between us. In fact there seemed to be a distance between Parth and everyone else, even his mother. He usually seemed lost in his own world. Not the passionate ever horny new husband that movies and books tell you to expect.

Which suited me fine. I had been a virgin on my wedding night and had grown up in an orthodox family where sex was a taboo subject. So I was not some liberated feminist who knew her body or craved sex all the time. The couple of times a week that was our default suited me fine. Like most women getting sexually active in initial days, I was still learning and adjusting and getting to know my own body.

Most of my days were spent in the company of maaji. Helping her plan meals, take care of the house, supervising the maids and cooks and other servants, and watching a lot of TV. Dharamji mostly kept to himself, and we had meals sent to him in his apartment. Except Sunday evenings when he would lumber down and join us in our dining room for a "family dinner". I still found his gaze creepy and odd. But as weeks and then months went by, I learned to ignore it.

On our six month anniversary, my cousins and parents did a video call with me and Parth and maaji. And as is the inevitable trend in orthodox families, I was pestered about when I would give them "the good news". Which means pregnancy. I dutifully blushed.

After the call, Parth went to the office upstairs. And maaji cornered me in the kitchen.

"About what your family was saying, Shama..."

"Yes, maaji?"

"In the initial months of a new marriage, I can understand wanting to use...precautions. But it is now 6 months. Time to start planning."

"Ji, maaji." I nodded.

"You can let go of precautions." she said before changing the subject to cooking.

I felt like telling her, if by precautions she meant birth control or condoms, well, we didn't use them anyway. From the very first night we had sex to the most recent times, it had been unprotected and every time, my husband had ejaculated inside me. I came from a family where the norm was to have the first child very soon, so that is what I also went with. But I was yet to miss a period. At six months, it was too early to worry as such. Especially because our sex frequency was strictly twice a week. But it was something I had been wondering about, as had my mom.

A couple of weeks later, Parth had to go on a week long business trip to the middle east. I thought I would be accompanying him, but was told that he would be very busy, so maybe some other time. The first couple of days with my husband gone did not seem all that different. Because he was away or busy most of the time anyway. So it was all about household duties and spending time with maaji and watching lots and lots of daily soaps on TV.

That afternoon, once all the cooking was done, a tray was laid out for Dharamji.

"Shama."

"Ji maaji?"

"The maid is busy cleaning the cobwebs. Go take this food up to Dharamji."

"Ji maaji." I dutifully said.

Carrying the tray, I walked up to his apartment. The door was ajar. I walked in. The old man was sitting at the dining table, reading a newspaper. He looked at me, with that same piercing gaze and gave a nod. I had never been assigned the duty of taking food to him, so I wasn't sure what the protocol was. But usually in our society, women are supposed to serve out the plate for men.

I went to the threadbare kitchen of his apartment, took plates and bowls and laid them out in front of him.

"Would like to start with rice or rotis?" I asked.

In answer, he lifted his eyes from the newspaper, folded it while staring at me. First at my face. Then at my chest which was just a few inches away. And then suddenly, with a speed that seemed alien to his usual lumbering pace, his hand reached up and grabbed my breast over my blouse.

"Dharamji!!" I yelled out, stunned and tried to pull away.

But the grip of his rough large hands was too strong on my breast, and I could not disengage it. His thick fingers dug into my flesh.

"Dharamji! Please! What are you doing?"

Just as I was struggling with his hand on my breast, the other one went around my waist and pulled me into a tight embrace by his side. His head rubbed against my breasts and he nuzzled them under my sari pallu but over my blouse.

"Let me go!" I shrieked in panic.

And he did. I staggered backwards, traumatized. His expression had not changed. Nor had he said anything. I saw him swallow hard, still staring at my chest. Finally I got some control of my senses. And I turned around and ran out of the door, leaving the food there.

I ran down the stairs back into our apartment, my heart pounding. As I entered the kitchen, the maid who usually took him the food was back. She saw my expression and gave me an almost knowing sympathetic look. Had she been at the receiving end of this too? Maaji looked up at me.

"Did you serve him?"

I nodded, not wanting to say anything in front of the maid. Although from her expression, it seemed like she knew what had happened and had maybe experienced it herself during those duties.

"Did Dharamji need anything else?"

"I...don't know." I said and just stood there. Maaji could tell from my face that something was wrong. She asked the maid to go and see if the old man needed anything else. As soon as she was out of earshot asked me,

"Okay Shama, what's wrong?"

"Maaji...I...I don't even know how to say this. Dharamji groped me and tried to...I am ashamed to even say anything." I put my face in my palms out of shock and shame.

What shocked me even more was how calmly she took the news, as if she was expecting it.

"He does that sometimes." she said, shrugging. "He is a lonely old man."

I expected her to say something more about it. But she turned back to the kitchen counter and said,

"Let's have our lunch."

Imagine my surprise when that night, maaji asked me to take the food up to Dharamji again.

"But maaji...after what happened...can we please send the maid?"

"Shama, I told you, you have to take over some of my responsibilities. I am not a young woman anymore. Besides, Dharamji is getting bored with the maid." she cryptically said.

"Yes, but..."

"Dharamji is the reason Parth and I didn't have to beg on the streets when his father died. He is the reason we have a good business. His money, his contacts, his generosity, everything. Remember that he is the one who paid for your wedding."

My heart was pounding against my ribcage when I took the food up that night. Maaji had suggested, without being explicit, that this was normal behavior for Dharamji and for the sake of the family, I should not make a stink about it.

I decided I would try to keep my distance, serve him food, and make good my escape. But it was easier said than done.

When I let myself in, the burly old man was watching TV. He just looked up at me for a second and then went back to watching the screen. I felt relieved. Maybe I could just lay out his food and get going while he stayed in the living room. But of course, halfway into it, I heard the TV being turned off. I heard his heavy footsteps come towards me. I was turning around to face him so I could move away when he came up to me and grabbed my wrist.

"Dharamji please...please don't do this." I said, trying to wrestle free, but his grip was too strong.

"Shhh." he said and pulled me into an embrace.

The man was 5 ft 10 compared to my 5 ft 2 frame and probably weighed more than twice what I did. In his bear hug, I squirmed and struggled, but in vain. Soon I felt his large hands pawing at my butt and over my back.

"Dharamji, I am a married woman." I tried to appeal to his sense of propriety.

He stopped pawing me and said,

"Parth is out of town." as if that made it okay!

His hands went under my pallu and to the front of my blouse which was hooked in the front. He expertly started undoing it even as I struggled in his embrace.

"I only want to see what's in there."

I still kept struggling and his hands started slipping. This seemed to annoy him. He let go of me. I stumbled back against the table thinking he had seen reason. But then he raised his hand and slapped me hard back-handed.

I was in shock. No one had ever raised a hand on me before. Not my father, not my mother, and not even my new husband Parth. It was my first experience of actual violence. It made tears spring to my eyes and rendered me motionless with shock and pain.

"I told you, I only want to see what's in there. And then you can go." he said matter-of-factly.

Sobbing, I unhooked the rest of the blouse and let it fall open. The sari's pallu was on the ground already.

"Take it off. And stop crying." he said in a calm voice.

Oh god, what had my life turned into. I slipped the blouse off, shivering with nerves.

"Bra."

I pleaded with him with my eyes, but he was unmoved. My cheek still stung from the slap. I did not want another. Off the bra came. And I stood in front of the old man almost three times my age, completely topless. My heavy breathing was making my breasts move up and down.

"Hmmm." he stepped forward put his big rough hands on my breasts one by one, squeezing them. As he did that, I was trying to avoid eye contact with him, which required me to look down. And that's when I noticed a substantial bulge in his pyjamas. I looked away from that too. His fingers played with my nipples, flicking them until they turned erect. Which made me panic. Why was my body responding to this ugly old man forcing himself on me?

It felt like he was playing with my breasts for a long time but in reality it was just a couple of minutes. He did not seem overly impressed by them. They were about a B cup back then. A part of my body I knew was supposed to titillate, but I had never thought about that role of theirs. Parth usually groped them lightly during sex. Here the old man was spending what seemed like a long time on them. I fought back tears and kept feeling his rough fingers all over my sensitive skin. Finally he stepped back and said.

"Go."

And then he sat at the dining table. Wiping my tears, I put the clothes back on and went back downstairs.

When I walked in, maaji was sitting on the couch. She saw me and got up, put her hands on my chin and turned my face sideways. Clearly there was a bruise forming there. I expected her to ask me about it. I was feeling too embarrassed to even say anything.

"It will go away before Parth is back." she said. "Just don't let there be more bruises."

What the hell was she saying? Don't let there be more bruises? Tell it to the old man, not me. What was she really saying? That I should just give myself to that ugly old man? Just because his money keeps the business going? Am I to be his plaything? Was she implying that she once played that role and now it was my "responsibility" to satiate the old man?

Of course, it was not something I could just come out and ask her. Our culture does not work that way. We both had dinner and then went to bed.

The next day I stayed in my room late. Pritha finally came to check on me.

"Maaji, I am not feeling very well." I said, sounding weak.

She nodded, checked my forehead. There was no fever obviously. But she nodded again. Throwing another look at the bruise, she left, telling me to take rest. I stayed in bed, relieved to get the day off. The maid came in once in a while with tea or food for me. I read books or watched TV, staying under the sheets. Around lunch time, Pritha came in again. Holding a thermometer.

"How is your fever now, beta?"

And before I could answer, she put it in my mouth. It was normal. I half expected her to tell me to resume my duties. And take food up to the old lecher. But she didn't. Just left. For the rest of the day, she let me rest, but kept checking my fever and it was always normal. After each time, she gave me a look as if sizing me up.

By dinner time, I felt cooped up in my room. So I joined Pritha at the table. That's when the maid entered, arranging her sari pallu properly. She looked at me and then at maaji and said Dharamji's food had been served.

"Shama...being a woman in our society...it comes with certain duties. Many duties. We may not always like doing them. For example cooking. I hate cooking. But I have to do it. It is my duty. You see what i am saying?"

"Yes." I said, though I was not sure what she was getting at.

"Similarly I may have to do other things I don't want to. For the sake of the family. And now you are part of this family. When I die, you will be the main matriarch."

"Yes, maaji."

"You will have children and run the family and the house and for a happy life that way, it is important to be financially stable. Do you understand what I mean?"

She didn't say anything further. Dinner resumed. We watched some TV together in the living room. Then Parth called. I used the excuse to head back into the safe confines of my room again.

Conversation with Parth was like most of my conversations with him. Short and to the point. He was never a very expressive person anyway. He told me what he had been up to with the meeting and business and travel etc. He then asked how things were at home.

I almost told him Dharamji groped me, stripped me topless, and your mother seems to not find it a big deal. But how do you say that to your husband? Especially over the phone. Especially in an orthodox world. I thought I'd wait until he returned. So after a quick chat, we hung up and wished each other good night.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/my-unusual-marriage?page=2

I was woken up by the sound of a doorbell. It was still dark. Almost midnight. I heard the sound of Pritha walking past my room and towards the door. I heard it open and there were some muffled conversations. My heart started racing when I thought one of those voices was Dharamji's. I hoped it was something quick and he would leave. The conversations stopped. There was silence for a minute or so.

Just as I was starting to feel relieved, I saw my room's door open. Terrified, I turned around on my side, covered my head with the sheet and stayed still. Hoping it was just maaji checking on me. But I heard familiar heavy footsteps of an old leather chappal. He was in my bedroom! I heard him close and then bolt the door.The panic from the previous day returned. Why was he here? What was he doing? Why had my mother-in-law let him in? I knew the answers of course. But I could not face them fully yet.

Still motionless, I felt the bed creak as he put his knee on it. And then the sheet was jerked away from my body and thrown on the side. Startled, I turned around to face the old man.

"Dharamji please..." I started saying but he put his hand on my mouth. Not hard enough to actually gag me. But it shut me up.

Is there no way out of this, I thought as he slid closer to me, looming large even in the darkness. I saw his hand at his waist, untying his pyjama knot. He then put that hand on my thigh. I was wearing a body length loose night gown that is common among Indian women. Modest and frumpy, not slinky or sexy like lingerie. He started rolling it up. In a second he had my legs exposed and it was at my butt.

I could scream. But what good would that do when my mother-in-law herself had let him in? I could struggle. But he had already shown that he was willing to use violence to break my resistance. I was still a little traumatized by the slap from yesterday. So I did the only thing I could do. I submitted myself to this "duty", telling myself that I will just be a limp doll for him. I won't resist. But I am not going to take any pleasure in it either.

I rolled my body around to let him pull the gown all the way to under my armpits. He then got on his knees between my legs and started tugging my panties off. A wave of panic hit me all of a sudden as this boorish old man was about to get a look at my most private parts. That only my husband had seen so far. Instinctively, I covered my face with both my hands.

I could hear some rustle of clothing. Then I felt him open my legs. He looked at my hairy bush for a second and said,

"Pritha will tell you where you can get a brazilian wax."

I had no idea what that even meant. And then I felt something wet on my mound and pubic hair. I took my hands off my eyes to look. He was pouring some sort of a moisturizer down there. And on his penis. Which I was looking at for the first time. It seemed thicker and slightly longer than my husband's. I stared at it as it approached the junction of my legs.

Oh god. It was going to happen. I was going to be penetrated by this repulsive evil old man!

"Ah! Slow!" I said as I felt the thick head rudely barge inside me. I could feel the wetness of whatever he had poured on it as a lubricant.

Dharamji snorted at that, withdrew, and then rammed more of it in without any gentleness.

"Please Dharamji...it is big." I whimpered.

I had meant it as a complaint of sorts. It is big. I was until recently a virgin. And it is big so...take it easy. But to him, it sounded like a compliment because he chuckled proudly and with a third stroke, rammed it all the way in. The lubrication from the moisturizer helped but it still felt too full and a little painful. It made me try to jump away from him. But he held me in place with his grip around my waist.

And then he started fucking me with deep penetrative strokes, touching places inside me that had never been touched. Then he lowered his torso on top of me, and completely took off my gown and my bra. And there it was. The final stage. I was now fully naked, under this old man, while his thick cock slid in and out of my vagina. I was now an adultress. Forgive me, god, I thought. I had no choice but to do this for the family.

Another reason for my guilt was that physically, this was not feeling at all as bad as I had expected. In fact it seemed to feel better than with my husband. Which I hated myself for feeling. The energetic pistoning by this burly paunchy tobacco breath ugly lug was giving me more pleasure than my handsome young husband. I didn't even realize when my hands, once laying limp submissively on the bed, had moved to his back. I was embracing him back as he had his way with me.

"Ouch!" I cried out as his teeth clamped around a nipple. And then he started brutally biting and sucking my breasts. His tempo also picked up a lot and now my whole body was shaking hard back and forth from his pounding. I had never felt such intensity of sensations before. Pleasure and also discomfort mixed with the pain of his bites. And all the while being shaken like a juice bottle.

Dharamji kept going. Much longer than Parth used to. And that nice feeling inside me kept going and in fact growing. The more his dick drilled me, the better I seemed to feel there. And then suddenly it started cresting at levels which made me moan involuntarily. And clamp his dick with my inside muscles. He seemed to like that. He started pounding me even harder.

And now I had switched from a limp submissive to a willing partner. We were working in tandem now, his pounding me hard and me squeezing his cock.

"AAAAAOOOOOOOOO"

I heard a strange wail and it took me a second to realize it was coming from my throat. That nice feeling inside me was now just off the charts and my body was doing things I could not control. The build-up finally peaked, giving me highs of the sort I had never experienced before. Being from an orthodox small town world, I did not know yet that the word for this is an orgasm.

"Urghhhhh" I heard Dharamji groan.

And then I felt my inside getting wet and gooey. He had ejaculated inside me. That set panic bells going again. What if he got me pregnant? I didn't want to have his child! I wanted Parth's. I made up my mind to take the morning after pill.

"Hmmm...good."

He patted my cheeks as if praising me for a drawing or something. Then with one last bite of each nipple, he rolled off me. He started dressing as I lay there trying to get my breath back and still feeling small jolts of pleasure.

"Tomorrow 6 AM. Bring me tea in bed." he gave a curt order and then walked out, leaving me naked and heaving.

And so started the unusual phase of my marriage. At that moment, I stopped being Parth's woman, but ended up belonging to them both, living under the same roof. I was feeling guilt, shame, confusion, but also satisfaction which added to the guilt.

The door opened a few seconds later. I wondered if he was back for more. But it was Pritha. She walked up to the bed and covered my trembling naked body with a sheet.

"You okay, beta?" she asked tenderly.

"Yes maaji." I flatly said.

"I...heard you. He is good, isn't he?"

Again being reminded that I had enjoyed this unconsented encounter made the guilt bubble up and I started crying. She left me alone and walked away. And I cried myself to sleep.

She woke me up at 5:30 AM so clearly Dharamji must have told her about his morning. I took a bath, cleaning the leftover gunk from the encounter. Which seemed pointless because it's not like he wanted me to just bring him tea and then leave. When I got out, I saw that Pritha had picked out a red sari and blouse for me. I put it on, picked up the tray of tea and snacks, and headed, heart thumping towards upstairs.

"It's okay, beta. It will be okay." she said standing at the kitchen entrance. "Parth will be back in a couple of days."

I let myself into his apartment using the spare key, and went to the bedroom. A night light was on in there and Dharamji was sitting up in bed. His hairy torso was naked. Below his waist, the sheet covered him. He saw the clothes I was wearing and nodded in approval. And then he threw the sheet off, revealing his semi erect thick cock. I stared at it for a couple of seconds before looking away. This wild thing that had been inside me a few hours ago, giving me pleasure. And it was to be again right now. And who knows for how long?

"Give me the tea. Then get on the bed between my legs."

I handed him the cup and slowly got on the bed. He had not told me to take my clothes off and I wasn't going to do it voluntarily. He loudly slurped a big sip of the tea and said,

"Take it in your mouth."

Even after all that had happened, I was scandalized by his command. I knew a bit about this sexual practice of oral, but I had never actually done it. Parth had never demanded it. Our sex life was limited to quick missionary sex. This thick organ that had stretched out my vagina...I didn't know if I could even fit it in my small mouth. He snapped his fingers impatiently, so I reluctantly lowered my head, opened my mouth, and let it in. It reeked. Some of the smell, I realized, was from my own juices. The semi-erect dick stirred a little as I took some in.

"Suck it properly." he growled.

I started sucking it harder and it kept growing. As it grew, most of it slipped out of my small mouth. Dharamji didn't seem to like that. He grabbed my hair and pushed my head down, pushing his shaft right to my throat. That made me gag and cough but he kept his grip strong.

It was just the start of a long morning. For the next ten minutes, he thrust his cock in and out of my mouth while he had tea. Then he put the cup away and pulled me closer. For the next few minutes, he stripped me at leisure while mauling my body all over. Very soon, I was as fully naked as he was, feeling his coarse old man hair against my soft skin. I lay back, expecting him to start soon, his dick swinging in front of me.

He then pushed me onto my hands and knees. Another position I knew about theoretically, but had never been in with my husband. Doggy style they called it. As I got in place, I felt embarrassed at this stranger pose. And what he might be getting to see behind me. On all fours is not a position an orthodox housewife is used to. I was made even more conscious by the fact that Dharamji held me down like that, with his hands on my waist, and stared at my butt and other privates for a while, playing with the cheeks and the holes with his hands.

This time, he did not get any moisturizer. He knew my vagina had accommodated him the previous night. So he just pushed it in. I grunted at the intrusion as he buried it in me to the hilt and his paunch rested on my butt. And then, grabbing my hips, he started pounding me rapidly. It was a different feeling from before. Good different. The angle at which his dick entered me was the opposite from earlier. His hands also held my ass cheeks apart and somehow that feeling seemed to add to the pleasure as he fucked me. The sounds as our skins smacked together seemed like the most obscene I had ever heard. And they were punctuated by my grunts and moans.

Dharamji himself did not make a sound. Just kept banging me hard from behind, making my modest tits dance and swing from my chest. He then stopped and moved us both 90 degrees. This made us face a large mirror on his dresser. And I took in what seemed like a scene from a nightmare. My own face, hair curtaining it, with my mouth open wide and my eyes half closed. Under that face, my chest and the bouncing breasts. Behind my head, the curves of my raised buttocks looked like a double arch. And then behind that, the hairy dark paunch of Dharamji, its fat rippling with each stroke inside me.

"Like it?" he grabbed my hair and pulled my head up.

I was still feeling resentful about him so I did not answer that yes, I was indeed liking it. I just saw how his pulling my hair changed the angle at which my boobs were hanging. He put his other hand between my ass cheeks and increased his tempo suddenly. The squelching sounds from my vagina showed that the natural lubrication was enough for his large organ to keep doing what it was doing. Harder, faster, I wanted to say, but it was not necessary. Dharamji was already pounding me harder and harder each second and the room was filled with my high pitched moan.

That second orgasm from him somehow felt even more powerful than the first one. As I said, I came from an orthodox sheltered life and back then, we did not learn things like orgasm and different sex positions. So in my head then, I did not have a word for that sensation. But it felt like a reward I deserve for making the sacrifice for the family.

After depositing his load in me fifteen minutes later, he had already made me orgasm once more. He stayed hunched over on top of my ass, his dick still inside me. Bent over like that, I felt like I could almost feel his sperm racing at my womb. I wondered when I would be allowed to go. It ended up being after fifteen more minutes of groping and licking my naked body all over.

Even though I was fully dressed again as I walked back downstairs, I felt naked as the driver and two maids walked by. The maids avoided looking at me. But the driver, Bhima, seemed to look at me with a sad and tender expression as I walked past him. I paused.

"Bhima, I will give you a list. I need some things from the medical store."

"Ji memsaab." he nodded.

In the apartment, Pritha had already started supervising breakfast. She offered me chai with such nonchalance that it was hard to believe she was just welcoming her daughter in law back from another man's bed. That she herself had sent there. She talked about mundane stuff for a while, discussing news and TV shows and cooking. I just kept chopping vegetables like a robot.

"Beta, you must be tired." she finally said. "For lunch, I will send one of the maids. Get some rest so that you can be ready for...dinner. Parth returns tomorrow morning."

I spent the day just staring at the ceiling fan in my bed, alternating between guilt and also anticipation. I didn't like the man's eyes on me but I liked his penis inside me. And it was not like I had a choice. When I went out to the living room for afternoon tea, I ran into Bhima.

"Do you have my medicine?"

He nodded and handed me a small brown paper bag. I took it and checked. And impatiently, took two of the pills right in front of him. I did not know if he knew what they were for. But at that point, I did not care.

That night as I walked into Dharamji's place with the tray of food, I realized that I was not scared anymore. I was still feeling the guilt and shame of the situation. But I did not fear the man anymore.

"Get topless." he commanded me as I started serving the plates.

"Let me serve the food first. It's hot. I don't want it splattering on my skin." I calmly said.

He nodded. Even his acceptance of this very minor refusal seemed to signal a change of sorts. Like I was being given at least some power or a say in the proceedings. And when dinner was done and we moved to the bed, this theme seemed to continue.

"Ride me." he said after I had sucked his dick for about fifteen minutes.

"What?" I didn't know what that meant.

"Get on top. I will teach you."

And that was the start of yet another sub-chapter in my sex life. My first time being on top of a man. It started off so awkwardly, my folded legs flailing and scraping around his paunch and crotch. I got my petite frame squatting on top of him finally.

"Now, just sit on it...not like that...inside you...yes. Good."

And there I was, my thighs resting on his stomach, his dick inside me like a flagpole, and my palms on his chest. I looked at him and he looked at me. Until now, he had been the pounder and I had been the pound-ee. He fucked, I moved. This was the opposite dynamic. He did thrust upwards a couple of times. But it soon became evident that he wanted me to do "the work" this time. So I started moving back and forth and instantly moaned when his thick head rubbed against the front walls of my cunt. His pounding so far had been just in and out. This position gave me the option of lateral movement.

Within a couple of minutes, I had figured out what angles and thrusts and pace work best for me. Dharamji just grabbed my boobs and pulled me into long kisses as I kept riding him. Riding him faster and harder, feeling that now familiar happy feeling starting to build up inside me. At one point, I broke the kiss, sat up straight, and started jumping up and down, taking him deep inside me again, feeling his wrinkly balls pushing against my butt. And I looked in the mirror.

And again, I could barely believe the sight I saw. I saw a young woman, in the throes of happy passion, with a sweat covered naked body, her hair a mess, her tits bouncing around, and her face wearing near orgasmic expressions. This was not the Shama I knew, the plain looking docile girl turned obedient housewife. As I kept fucking and staring and staring and fucking, I started feeling more and more thrilled at this Shama that had only recently been unleashed. Even Dharamji seemed to notice a change in my general demeanor.

He slipped a thumb between our privates and started playing with my clit and that started yet another orgasm. And I found myself wondering how many more we would have time for before my husband returned in the morning.
