old-man-and-indian-wife-ch-03

Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/old-man-and-indian-wife-ch-03

Alan had his arm around my waist as we walked back into the Venetian. I slipped his hand under the hem of my top and rubbed my waist in front of passers by. No one took any notice. This was Vegas after all.

I looked back and saw Pavan still following us. Being out in the fresh air for a few minutes had actually sobered me up a little bit. I started re-evaluating what the heck I was exactly doing. No matter what had happened, it still wasn't too late. But then my anger at Pavan returned in a surge. And Alan gripped my waist hard making me remember how his touch had made me feel just moments ago.

I let Alan lead me into the elevator. Pavan followed us two steps later and stood a couple of feet away from us. That pissed me off even more. Here he was, acting as if he was my pimp, not my husband. Alan showed me the key to the suites-only floor which was needed for the elevator to go up there. He then swiped it in the slot and pressed the button for his floor. He spent the rest of the elevator ride squeezing my ass, sending shivers up my spine. I marveled at how differently his touch was affecting me now.

Alan's suite looked very spacious. It was almost like a small apartment, with a living room and a bedroom. Alan turned on just one lamp and turned the TV on. Both Pavan and I stood a few feet away from each other like strangers as Alan strode to the minibar. He took out a bottle of scotch and poured it without ice in three glasses. He handed Pavan a glass and then me.

Walking into Alan's room had made me really nervous and I was glad to get some liquid courage. I sat down on a couch and took a sip, looking at Pavan cautiously. I silently tried to urge him - you can stop this even now. Stop it before it is too late. Pavan just gave me a blank defeated look and sat down in a chair across from me. He did not even have the courage or the presence of mind to sit down on the couch next to his wife? I downed a big swig of the scotch in disdain.

Alan took his drink and sat down next to me. He reached for the remote and turned the TV on. Some movie was playing. I stared at the screen blankly without registering anything. Alan put his arm around me and rubbed me on my bare shoulder. I flinched a little. I was feeling overwhelmed by the whole situation. I had come this far, but the reality of what lay ahead was starting to sink in. And I was almost shivering with nerves.

Alan seemed to know exactly the right thing to do. He just sat there gently stroking my shoulder. Didn't make any other move. Just sat there like that, looking at the TV. Pavan looked at us and then at the TV every few seconds. We all sat there sipping our drinks, seemingly weighed down by the enormity of what was about to unfold. Even Alan seemed a little hesitant.

The hesitation wore off in ten minutes or so. I felt Alan gently lift my right hand and put it on the crotch of his pants. I could feel his erection throbbing through the fabric. I could even feel the heat it radiated. I noticed Pavan look at us. I shot Pavan a beseeching look. I knew that this was the point of no return. If things moved ahead, there was no looking back. Pavan just moved his gaze back to the TV without even acknowledging my look. And I noticed with shock - Pavan had an erection too. He was getting turned on by this!

That was the precise moment that I let go of any apprehension or second thoughts about what was happening. I thought to myself angrily - if my husband sitting across from me doesn't care, why should I? I started rubbing the bulge in Alan's pants. It seemed to expand with every tug I gave it. Alan whispered me to take it out. I unzipped his pants and the dick sprang up like a tent pole. It was surrounded by a thick bush of white pubic hair.

I knew it was big. I had felt it when we danced. But I was not prepared for just how big it would look exposed. It was thick, almost as thick as my forearm. And almost just as long fully erect. It was circumcised unlike Pavan's, so it's massive bulbous purple head stood on top like a helmet's soldier. I was transfixed and Alan gently took my hand and wrapped my fingers around it. I was barely able to close my fingers around it.

I started stroking the dick gradually. I was amazed at how long it took my hand to travel from the base to the tip. This truly was one gargantuan dick. I was horrified and fascinated by it in equal measure. Once I got used to the stroking action I looked away at the TV and continued giving him a handjob. After a few minutes I started stroking it harder and faster. I was expecting him to cum soon. I was pretty adept at giving handjobs. But I was amazed when even after ten minutes or so, Alan was sitting there nonchalant with his dick erect.

My fingers and wrist were starting to hurt, so I took the hand away from his cock and stretched it around. But Alan did not appreciate the break. He pulled my left hand and put it on his dick. I started working on it with my left hand, hoping he would cum soon, and maybe this whole nightmare would end. As I continued my stroking, I noticed some moistness oozing onto my fingers. Obviously for such a huge dick, the quantity of precum was proportionally large. I used the moistness for a little bit of lubrication and kept going.

Occasionally I would look over at Pavan and notice that his erection was still intact. His eyes would not meet mine however. They were transfixed on Alan's dick. I looked over at Alan. He was still staring at the TV, acting as if he had nothing to do with this monster I was working on with my hand. A few more minutes and my left hand started hurting as I well.

I took my left hand off and stretched it. Alan moved quickly and put his hand on the hem of my top. He started pulling it up. Pavan looked at us with interest. I raised my arms and let Alan take the top off completely. I was suddenly conscious of being exposed in front of another man besides my husband. My 36DD black bra was hiding my boobs. But only for a few moments.

As I got back to jacking Alan off, he started squeezing my tits over my bra. Then I felt his wrinkled and rough fingers slide inside the cups and rub my soft skin. He moved his fingers all around, tracing a circle around my areola and then pinched my already erect nipple. He then put his hand inside my bra cup and lifted my left boob out. Then my right. My huge boobs were now hanging out of my bra. And I suddenly felt like a complete tramp. I stared down at my tits exposed and kept jacking Alan off.

"Enough with the hands." Alan gruffly said and slapped my hand away from his dick. I was taken aback at the sudden change in tone. Until then, he had been very kind and gentle, treating me with kid gloves. Now that I had been willingly jacking him off for close to half an hour and had let him take my boobs out, i guess he thought I had been reeled in enough to do what he pleased with. For my part, the gruff voice and rough treatment actually turned me on. I always liked my men to be that way - rough and dominating.

So I was a little thrilled at what Alan did next. He grabbed my hair from the back and pushed my head down towards his crotch. My first instinct was to resist, but Alan had now switched completely into dominant mode. As I tried to pull away, he pushed my head down even harder. I opened my mouth wide and felt the massive head of the dick enter me. I could only take a few inches of it in my mouth before it hit the back of my throat and I gagged.

"Not used to the size, eh?" Alan said and chuckled. "I can see why.from that tiny tent in his pants."

I took his dick out of my mouth and looked at the tent in Pavan's pants. It wasn't tiny by any means. Just because Alan was a monster didn't make Pavan tiny. What I did note though was that this was the longest I had seen Pavan maintain an erection in recent years. And the irony of it happening at a time when I was sucking someone else's dick made me smile a little bit.

Alan was now into full scale dominant mode. He yanked me by the hair and put my mouth back on his dick. It brought back memories of that day in Goa when I sucked Nigel's dick. I had always consider myself an expert cocksucker. This was by far the biggest cock I had taken in my mouth. Would I be able to please it? I took it as a challenge and began working on it eagerly.

I took it in as much as I could even if it meant gagging every other second. I slurped and slobbered over it to give it lubrication. I ran my tongue all around it. And I kept my lips tightly wrapped around the shaft to simulate penetration. And I varied the pace of bobbing my head up and down. Alan grunted in appreciation. He was clearly appreciating my technique.

"You've taught her well. I'll give you that much." Alan said cockily to Pavan who by now seemed to have receded into the background. "She sucks dick better than any Indian chick I've been with."

I smirked a little, quite sure that Alan was still boasting. I had fallen for his guiles but I am sure no other Indian women had. Even after having Pavan's wife half naked by his side sucking his own dick, Alan still seemed intent on humiliating Pavan. And I was enjoying it. My respect for Pavan was falling by the second as the night progressed.

I noticed my bra fall forward a little and realized that Alan had unhooked my bra. I slid it off my arms in front of me and threw it on the floor. I was not completely topless and my boobs were mashing against Alan's big balls. As I continued to bob my head up and down, rock back and forth working Alan's still hard dick, I felt my huge tits sway and make a soft thulping noise every time they smashed against his balls or his thighs.

I now hunched over the dick, trying to align my head so that I could take more of it inside my mouth. I had been sitting on the couch leaning over. I decided a better stance would be to sit on folded knees on the couch instead. I slowly took my feet off the floor and folded them under me. What this did, I realized soon was, make by big butt jut up in the air right within Alan's reach.

Alan noticed it and immediately pulled my skirt up and bunched it around my waist. In a mirror across the room, I could see that my butt looked very inviting even covered it on panties. My buttcheeks were very fleshy and round, so a lot of flesh was on display. Alan could not resist reaching across with his left hand and start fondling it. After fondling it for a while, he spanked it lightly. he seemed to enjoy the way my butt jiggled when he spanked it. So he spanked it a bit harder.

I moaned in pleasure, but he seemed to misinterpret it as protest. He brought down his hairy hand really hard on my ass and the loud smack of a spank rang through the room.

"Take it all the way in, slut!" he said in an assertive voice.

Whenever he used that dominating voice as opposed his wisecracking tone, I found myself compelled to obey him. I tried to force my mouth down even more, but I could not see where I could fit any more of it.

"All the way in, you curry-munching cunt!!!" his voice boomed as he landed another spank on my ass accompanied by a racist slur. I could feel my ass cheeks stinging from the pain of his spanks. And I actually relished the sensation and the insult. I was too far gone to even evaluate if I was right in feeling that way.

He then pushed my head down really hard. I gagged as the head of dick dick pushed against the back of my throat. But he pushed my head down harder. Instinctively, my body moved to accommodate the intrusion. I felt my back rise high upside down, aligning my throat with his dick. My body was bent into an arch at its waist, with my knees on the couch. It was working though because I felt the thick cock slide down my throat.

It felt oddly intrusive. But even with my throat I could only take in about 90% of the dick. Alan finally decided that he had fucked my throat enough and let go. I pulled head off the dick and inhaled loudly. Then I broke into an uncontrollable coughing fit. I felt sick, as if I would throw up all the alcohol I had been drinking.

"You liked that, didn't you?" Alan asked.

I shook her head. That had almost made me throw up.

"Not you. This dickwad sitting here. You liked watching your wife take my whole dick down her throat like a sword swallower, didn't you?"

I looked at Pavan who stayed silent and kept staring at me. I was sitting on my knees on the couch, topless and trying to catch my breath.

"Well, then you're gonna love what I do to her next."

Alan got up and pulled my hair again. He was pulling me towards the side of the couch. I moved my knees along the couch cushion until they hit the armrest.

"What you have here, my friend, is a slut. And I will show you how a slut is to be handled."

Alan said and pulled my head over the side of the couch armrest. I felt a jerk in my beck, but the momentum from his hand made me fall over the armrest, and my face was inches off the ground. This sudden surge of rough handling set my juices running again and I looked up at Pavan, thinking about the sight he saw. To him, i must have made a particularly obscene sight. I felt my boobs hanging upside down rubbing my cheek. I felt that if I reached my tongue out a little, I could lick my own nipples.

I put my hands on the floor, and with my knees on the couch, I felt like I was in a stable, if unusual position. I sensed that my butt was the highest part of my body. The skirt had fallen over my back, so it was just my panties keeping my butt hidden. Well, not for long.

"You know why she is a slut?"

Alan said, and I felt him put his fingers into the waistband of my panties and pull. The panties slid down to my knees, exposing my naked butt to Alan for the first time ever. I lifted my knees enabling Alan to take my panties off completely. And there I was. Naked, exposed, and at the mercy of an old man I had dismissed as a deluded old kook just hours ago. How rapidly life changes.

The deluded old kook was now acting like my rightful master, lording over my nearly naked body that he had arranged the way it pleased him. With my ass raised up like that. Addressing my wimpy husband who sat there as if watching a porno.

"Because only a slut...."

Alan continued and spanked my right asscheek hard Without the fabric of the panties, the impact of his fingers really stung and I squealed.

"..lets an old geezer like me...."

SMACK! SMACK! Two more loud and stinging spanks.

"....play with her cooch..."

SMACK! SMACK! More spanks. That felt good. And I actually blushed at his use of the word 'cooch'. When he had said it before, I had thought it uncouth. Now I thought it pervertedly sexy.

"...in front of her husband."

And he spanked me really hard a half a dozen more times. My ass cheeks were hurting from the onslaught and some tears welled up in my eyes. But I didn't feel like crying. the tears were just my body's involuntary reaction to the pain, which I had actually enjoyed. I was breathless with the spanking though. And I imagined my white ass must have gone red with the spanks. I kept my palms firmly on the ground, moved my knees and squirmed a little, making my asscheeks jiggle.

I had also been feeling really turned out at all the profanity and insults than Alan was hurling my way. In some way, I later thought, the insults helped me come to terms with the latent guilt for whatever was happening. His punishment and insults acted like a proxy for me rebuking myself. But at that moment, when Alan called me a slut, I actually felt well and truly like a slut.

Not that I had done anything slut-like before this. I had been a faithful wife all these years, not even thinking of straying even when our sex life was lean. I had never given a single reason for Pavan to be as paranoid and jealous as he was. And now here I was. Almost naked. My butt hoisted on a couch being assaulted by an old fogey twice my age. And it actually felt right. I wanted more.

"I will now show you how a whore like this is to be fucked." I heard Alan say, but from where my head was, I couldn't see him. I could only see Pavan's awestruck face.

I felt a weight being put on the couch next to my right knee and I soon felt Alan's hairy wrinkly skin rub against mine. A few seconds later, I felt his hand lift up my left knee. He shoved it on to the couch's armrest and pushed it forward, so the armrest was now wedged under my folded knee. I felt my balance distured a little, so i moved my palms around until i was stable again.

It took me a few moments to imagine how much more trashy i must have looked in this new, slightly altered position. My thighs were now almost at 90 degrees to each other, in fact orthogonal. This meant my ass cheeks were parted, giving Alan easy access to my recently shaved cunt and my asshole. I blushed as I realized what a complete whore I must have looked like. How had things disintegrated so fast? A couple of hours back, I was cracking up at the very idea that Alan would take me to bed. This willful humiliation was a lot more degrading. And I was happily subjecting myself to it.

Seemingly prepped to be fucked like a whore, I waited eagerly for the actual sex to begin. I will admit that I was a bit nervous about whether I'd be able to take Alan's monster cock. Alan's words from the dance floor flashed in my head - could my "puny little Indian cunt" take his big dick? Like he said, we'd find out soon enough.

A few moments passed and I finally felt something touch me down there. The tip of his cock rubbing against my pussy lips. I arched my back and thrust my butt towards him, to entice him in. But Alan had obviously decided to tease and torment me. He rubbed his dick all over my ass crack, rubbed my cunt's entrance, my clit, my inner thigh... as if he was taking his dick on a guided tour of my private parts.

I moved my ass back and forth again, trying to appeal to him to get on with it. I really hoped me wouldn't reduce me to begging for a fuck. I had fallen enough for the night.

"Look at how dripping wet she is." I heard Alan say. I felt like saying, of course I'm wet Einstein. After the way you've been playing me all night, what else am I supposed to be. But I stayed silent and endured the long wait as he continued to rub his dick all over my ass and crotch.

Finally, after several minutes or teasing, Alan seemed to have had enough. I felt his dick poke at my cunt. It was already sopping wet, but I felt some discomfort as he pushed the thick giant in. Alan progressed slowly, and I moaned with discomfort as well as pleasure. But as he kept pushing it in, I felt my cunt stretching to adjust with its presence. And a few minutes of slow pushing later, I had become reasonably well adjusted with the big dick in my cunt. I still guessed about half of it to be outside my cunt.

"Oh sluts like these will pretend they can't handle it. But what they want is a big dick. I don't care if you're Indian, Chinese or German. All women want a big dick to pump them." I heard Alan say. My first instinct was to dispute it and say size only matters somewhat. But then it struck me that getting impaled by a stranger's monster cock while thrown over a couch in his suite is probably not the best time to give lectures on size.

Alan shoved some more of his dick in me and then decided to start the fucking. My cunt had produced a lot of juice already so there was enough lubrication for the shafting to commence. Alan started fucking me with long and hard strokes, and I felt giant waves of pleasure radiate throughout my lower body. as he fucked me, my torso suspended from the couch rocked back and forth, making my reverse hanging boobs slap against my face. I could also feel something rubbing against a part of my buttcheeks. I guessed it to be Alan's hairy launch, based on the raspy texture. And the room was filled with an obscene sound of skin slapping against skin. To be precise, Alan's thighs slapping against mine as we fucked like two bunnies.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/old-man-and-indian-wife-ch-03?page=2

As great as that felt, it turned out to be only the warm-up act. I soon felt Alan's hands grab my waist. And he stepped up the pace, now fucking me at twice the speed. As the speed increased, so did the pleasure, and I started grunting uncontrollably with each stroke. I was amazed that Alan was still going, still pumping my cunt. I could not feel his balls slap against my thigh, so i guessed that he had managed to shove his monster dong all the way in.

Even as I was being humped mercilessly, I could not help but feel a sense of achievement for taking his dick all the way in at first attempt. Meanwhile, I noticed with surprise that Alan was stepping up his pace even more, I worried that he might break his hip bone or something as he grabbed on to my hips and started ramming me even faster. That pace continuing for a couple of minutes triggered what hadn't happened in over 4 years - an orgasm while being fucked in the cunt. Although Pavan had brought over the edge with lots of clitoral orgasms with his fingers and tongue, the fucking orgasm had almost gone extinct. It took a long time of long, hard and rough fucking to bring me to one. And ever since Pavan's prowess was on the decline, he didn't really stay hard long enough for it.

I started hollering as the orgasm hit me with full force. Alan sensed what was happening and kept going, fucking me really hard. The room was filled with two loud noises - my shrieks and the sound of our thighs slapping against each other. Finally the orgasm subsided, and I quietened down. I lay spent thrown over the armrest as Alan still kept going, fucking my cunt mercilessly for another ten minutes or so. Will this man ever cum, I thought to myself as my thigh muscles started hurting.

Finally Alan pulled his dick out of my cunt and got off the couch. Exhausted, I stayed in my position on the arm rest. I felt a hard spank land on my butt, and Alan said,

"Get up you dirty little slut!"

With great effort I pulled myself off the couch and stood up. As I did, i stumbled a little on realizing that I was still wearing my heels! And I felt some fabric rub against my ass. My pretty pleated skirt which was now smeared with sweat. All this while, I had been assuming I was naked. Now, standing there in just the short skirt and heels made me feel even more dirty than if I had been naked. I was breathing heavily, my breasts were red with the blood that had rushed into them. And my ass cheeks still stung. I turned around to check them out and sure enough - red palm prints all over my big ass.

Alan was standing next to me still wearing his shirt. he seemed to be admiring me with pure lust in his eyes. And, I noticed, his dick was still hard and throbbing. In fact it looked wet, covered in my jucies.

"Bedroom!"

Alan loudly announced and reached up to grab my hair. He started pulling me behind him. I was a lot taller than him, so his pulling made me bend in the waist. The heels didn't help either. But Alan was pulling me behind him very hard. I felt the pressure on my hair roots. Two steps and I lost my footing. Alan didn't want to wait for me to get up though. he kept tugging at my hair hard, and I had no choice to but to move on all fours, like an animal. I noted with admiration that this puny old man, shorter than me, as able to drag me around so effortlessly.

He pulled me up and flung me on to the bed. After being fucked in that uncomfortable position bent voer the couch, the bed felt nice. Alan jumped on the bed and tugged at my skirt very hard. It slid down and he threw it to the floor. he then slid my heels off my feet too. And then observed his handiwork - me, completely naked, on his bed.

I curled up on one side of the bed facing Alan. I noticed that Pavan was standing in the doorway, his dick still hard and poking through his pants. A thought struck me. If he was so turned on and horny by what he saw, why didn't he just get naked and join in? I was HIS wife after all. He had a right to my body. And yet he was just being a bystander.

I groaned a bit as I saw Alan taking his shirt off. More fucking? My thighs were aching. I was exhausted. i needed a break. Alan meanwhile was delivering another one of his monologues.

"You Indian men were blessed by god with such incredibly hot women. But you keep them subdued, force them to suppress their sexuality. What that does it turns them into sexual volcanoes ready to erupt any time they get some attention. Turns them into sluts waiting to be set free. That's what this little pixie is, isn't she? A slut. A volcanic slut."

I wore an expression of dissent on my face. What the fuck was he talking about? I had never been subdued or suppressed by anyone. And being Indian had nothing to do with the problems Pavan and I had. I didn't say this out loud of course. But Alan seemed to read the dissent on my face. He moved close to me and spanked me hard once more.

He then pushed me so I was lying down on my back, and lifted my legs so they were up in the air, perpendicular to my body. he continued with his monologue.

"This slut...or should I say whore...is slutty even by the standards of regular sluts. In my 65 years, I have never bedded a woman so easily. That too in front of her husband. What does that tell you, Pavan? Your wife has so willingly opened her legs for an ugly old fart like me. With you around. Can you imagine what she must be up to when you're not around?"

All this humiliating talk about what an easily fuckable slut I was set my juices flowing again and I wanted it once more. It didn't matter that my body was aching. I saw his erect dick inches away from my cunt and I had to have it.

"Haha, look at that. She is reaching for my dick. She hasn't had enough. When was the last time you fucked her, Pavan? And I mean REALLY TRULY fucked her like the whore she is? You should fuck her regularly or any guy who is willing to put in a few hours to chat her up and make her feel like a woman, will take her to bed"

---- Alan placed his legs on my shoulder and I began to ponder his question - when had I been REALLY TRULY fucked? The way I was being fucked right now - hard and relentless with lot of spanking and manhandling? I couldn't remember any time in recent memory. In my initial days with Pavan, he liked to give it to me rough once in a while. Tease me, torment me, spank me, and have me begging for a good fucking. And then he'd ram me hard and long.

But a man can do that only if he can get hard at will and sustain his erection for a long time. As Pavan aged, he seemed to lose that ability, so those long drawn out intense sessions had been replaced by what were mostly quickies. He'd get hard, enter me, go at it for a few minutes, and then before he could lose his erection, shoot his wad in the condom. He was considerate about my needs of course. He would go down on me afterwards and make sure I had an orgasm too. That was nice. But nowhere as exhilarating as being, in Alan's words, REALLY TRULY fucked.

Alan inserted his dick into my waiting wet cunt and I moved my hips to accommodate him better. As he plunged his whole dick into me and started fucking, I got to face him for the first time since we had started this game. Looking at his fairy concave chest, his paunch, his ugly face and his bald head equally disgusted and aroused me. I saw my long shapely legs rub against his wrinkled shoulders as he increased the tempo of his fucking and sent waves of pleasure through my cunt. This was a different angle from the one he had fucked me on the couch, and I could feel his dick touching different spots inside me, previously untouched.

Alan was looking straight into my eyes and I noticed a triumphantly horny expression on his face. Clearly, he was jubilant at his success. No matter how confident he had sounded, surely he must have had his doubts. As he fucked me hard, my massive tits started moving up and down my chest. Alan admired them with a smile for a few seconds and then put his rough paws on them. He started mashing and pinching them, hard enough to make me wince, as he kept fucking me.

A few minutes later, he leaned forward, pushing my legs inwards so they were just inches away from my boobs. I could feel the pressure in my waist as my body was bent in a yoga-like posture with my ass raised from the bed. In this position, as he fucked me, his balls started making an obscenely loud noise as they slapped against my butt. His fucking was now having an effect and I was breathless as well as thoroughly enjoying what his dick was doing to my cunt.

he started grunting as he started pumping me harder, and I grunted in response, almost in unison. My grunts were peppered with moans of pain as his fingers pinched my engorged nipples really hard. As Alan;s grunts intensified and he fucked me even harder, the bed started shaking. I thought he was about to cum soon. But he kept going. By now, my back was starting to hurt because of the position i was in for that long.

S I slid my legs off his shoulders, straightened them, and then instinctively, wrapped them around his waist and pulled him in even more. Not that he needed any pulling in. He was already fucking me as deep as was possible. I looked at Pavan who looked absolutely fascinated by the sight of this ugly old man fucking his wife so hard. Alan also looked at Pavan, smiled and started fucking me even harder. So hard that there was barely any gap between the slapping sounds made by his balls on my butt.

I was ecstatic at the fucking I was receiving, but my thighs were starting to hurt again with this ceaseless pounding. Alan had been fucking me for what seemed like at least 45 minutes. And he kept going and going. I felt another orgasm approach and I shivered. Alan seemed to notice and I heard him let out a loud grunt. Finally, he started cumming in massive waves. I felt his seed splash the inside of my cunt and I felt my own orgasm as being imminent. I tightened the grip of my feet around his waist and pulled him in.

Alan's cum kept filling me up and I kept willing my orgasm to hit. But he got done depositing his seed inside me just seconds before I could have another massive orgasm. He let out a loud hoarse grunt and collapsed on top of me. His paunch pushed against my flat stomach and I could feel his chest hair rub against my tits. This had been wonderful. But I was still annoyed at missing out on another orgasm by just a few seconds. I kept my legs wrapped around his waist and pulled him closer.

I put my arms around his back, hugged him tight and a moan escaped my lips. I wanted him to keep going. Even if he was done cumming, his semi erect dick was still bigger and thicker than Pavan's fully erect one. But Alan wasn't resuming the fucking. he lay on top of me writhing and heaving. We were both breathing very hard. A short while later, we regained our breaths.

Then I felt Alan's mouth on top of mine. He was kissing me! For some reason, after all that he had been doing to me that night, the kiss felt odd, almost wrong. Plus, despite his great skills with his dick, he wasn't much of a kisser. But his enthusiastic swordplay with his tongue inside my mouth and his dribbling spittle made me respond in kind. We kissed sloppily and clumsily like two amateurs for a few minutes. If I could have, i would have broken the kiss very early. but Alan kept depositing saliva in my mouth which I let drool from the side of my lips.

Then Alan pushed himself up by his hands and started pulling away from me. My legs were still locked around his waist. I still wanted that second orgasm.

"No....please..." I heard myself saying in a pathetically plaintive voice, begging him to keep fucking me.

If Alan took my continued hunger as a compliment, he didn't show it. He frowned and rudely responded,

"Yeah, in a minute slut." and pulled away from the grip of my legs. His dick, now going back to normal, slipped out of my cunt. And I lay there with my legs wide open as his cum oozed out. That's when panic hit me. Oh god! Alan had cum inside me. And in massive quantities. What if....!

Suddenly our conversation from the dance floor replayed itself in my mind. Alan asked me if I was on the pill. I responded saying it was none of his business. Then laughed away his concerns of having to pay child support. Oh how stupid I had been. I was so caught up in Alan's seduction that I hadn't even thought of asking him to wear a condom.

Staring at the roof with panic sweeping all over me, I quickly did some period math in my head. And then I felt a little relieved. By my calculations, I should have stopped ovulating a day or two ago. Getting pregnant now was very very unlikely. There was the matter of STDs of course. But that horse, I figured had already bolted the barn.

Relieved I turned my attention away from the roof. And was surprised to see the bedroom was empty. When I had been caught up in my calculations, Alan and Pavan had gone to the living room. I could hear them moving about. I got up to join them. But I felt an intense cramp in my right thigh and I fell back on the bed on my ass. My body started hurting. And I felt really tired.

This was a new sensation. I had grown up playing basketball and volleyball, had a great stamina and always considered myself really fit, even after turning 30 a couple of years back. But Alan's assault had taken its toll. For the first time in my life, I actually felt like a 32 year old. I felt so exhausted and worn out.

I was about ready to curl up and fall asleep when i noticed Alan step into the doorway.

"Finish the fucking drink and let yourself out."

I heard him say, presumably to Pavan. And then he stepped inside and shut the door behind him.

----

Alan walked towards the bed, still naked. I watched his ugly body in morbid fascination. His flaccid dick was still impressively long, and his balls were massive. No wonder the bulge in his speedo had been so huge. The dick swayed from side to side and his his thighs as we walked to the bed and sat down on it. He flashed me a triumphant smile.

"Where is Pavan?" I asked.

"Outside. Having a drink."

"I heard you telling him to..."

"Let himself out? Yeah. He's seen enough for him to jack off to for a year."

Alan cackled and laid down next to me and started gently fondling my boobs.

"You were right about him. He did want to see me..." I trailed off, unable to say what was true.

"See you get fucked like a whore by someone else? Yeah, he did. You should have let him watch when you fucked other men."

"Alan. I HAVE NOT fucked other men since Pavan came into my life."

Alan started laughing. I looked at him with a cross expression on my face. He stopped laughing and playing with my boobs.

"Are you serious?"

"Yes!"

"I am the only other man you've fucked apart from your husband? That sounds a little too cliched Indian to me."

"I didn't say the ONLY man." I explained. "The first man since Pavan and I started dating and got married."

"And how many before?"

"Enough." I said and laughed.

"How many?"

"About half a dozen, give or take."

"That sounds more like it. So why did you stop after marriage?"

"Because I got married!" I said.

"Didn't stop you tonight." Alan said and proudly put his hand on my pussy, as if to mark his conquest.

"Tonight was...... different. there was a lot of drama building up to it."

"How so?"

I started telling Alan about Pavan's jealousy and insecurity issues. Our fights over Jeff. But a few sentences into it, and Alan put his hand up.

"You know what? I don't give a shit about your problems, you slut." he said in that masterful voice. He seemed to effortlessly switch between the playful voice for banter and the commanding voice for dominance. I obeyed, as if under a spell and fell silent.

"Go wash yourself down there." Alan said pointing to my oozing cunt which had formed a puddle on the bed. "You look like a street whore!"

I pliantly got up and started stepping off the bed. As I passed over him, Alan spanked my ass hard, and said, "Dirty curry cunt!"

I spent a few minutes in the shower, washing Alan's sticky semen off my body. I dried myself and came out of the bedroom. Alan was sitting on the bed, still naked. As I approached the bed, he yanked me hard by my hand and made me fall on the bed on my back. My legs were hanging over the side of the bed.

Alan then got on the floor and parted my legs. Without saying anything, he put his tongue right on my clit.

"Ohhhhh!" I let out a moan, wondering if Pavan was still there.

Alan's thick raspy tongue started lathering over my clit, teasing it and pleasuring it. I closed my eyes and was transported back to Goa, where Nigel had been doing the exact same thing before his wife walked in on us. Alan's magic started working its way on me again, now through his tongue and I started moaning and writhing again.

I was wrong in expecting Alan to get me off with his tongue soon. He seemed to be doing it as a game. He would work my clit with his tongue for a few minutes, and as soon as my breasts started heaving as an orgasm approached, he would pull away and laugh, leaving me frustrated and wanting. He did this 5 times for almost twenty minutes until my clit was aching for release. The sixth time he had mercy and finally carried it all the way through. when the orgasm hit, all the teasing seemed worth it. Maybe because of the build-up and false finishes, that orgasm I had was more intense than any I had had playing with myself or with Pavan going down on me.

As I lay there breathless, recovering from the orgasm, there was a knock on the door.

"Is that Pavan?" I asked.

Alan didn't respond. He reached for a bathrobe sitting on the dresser, and put it on. He walked out of the bedroom and closed the door behind him. I heard some voices and I tried to make out if it was Pavan.

A few seconds later, the bedroom door opened and Alan walked in. Then I got the shock of my life as he was followed by a room service waiter pushing a cart with food on it. I was splayed out on the bed, my legs open, my bare pussy on display and my tits heaving. Watching him was a shock that rendered me immobile for a couple of seconds. The waiter also noticed me lying there naked and seemed a little taken aback.

He stopped for a second, but then continued pushing the cart in. I was feeling very embarrassed and immediately sat up and folded by knees in front of me to hide my boobs. I wrapped one arm around the knees and put the other one of my crotch to hide my pussy. I was blushing and looked away from the waiter. In my head, I was cursing Alan for embarrassing me like this.

"Just put it all on the bed next to the naked slut." Alan said.

"Yes, Sir." the waiter politely replied. He was being very professional and nonchalant after the initial display of surprise.

I sneaked a look at him as he put the trays on the bed. I recognized him vaguely. I had seen him around the casino and he would always greet me with a smile.

"You know, this slut's Indian." Alan said in a boastful voice. There's something called trophy wives. At that moment, I realized I was a trophy slut.

"I see, Sir." he said, continuing his work with a poker face.

Alan probably expected a high five or something. But the waiter was being professional. I felt my discomfort subside a little. I felt thankful for the waiter's courteous attitude. There was silence for a few seconds as he finished putting the trays and plates on the bed, and he straightened.

"She's not from some whorehouse, you know." Alan said, trying to further impress the waiter.

"I am aware, Sir." the waiter politely responded.

"You are aware?"

"Yes, Sir. I know Ma'am is a guest at the Venetian too. I have seen her before."

I felt even more embarrassed thinking about what was going through the waiter's mind. He had seen me around the casino with my handsome husband. And now he walks into a suite to find me naked with an ugly old fart.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/old-man-and-indian-wife-ch-03?page=3

"You want to watch me fuck her in the ass?" Alan asked with a wink.

"Thanks for the offer, Sir. But I'm afraid I am on the clock." the waiter said and strode out of the bedroom.

Alan watched him walk out of the suite, and wore an angry expression on his face.

"Fucking thankless and snobby staff at this place!" he said. "I show him such a fine slut all naked and he acts like it's a Christmas decoration."

I didn't respond to what he said. my mind was occupied elsewhere.

"The ass?" I asked, petrified.

"Huh?"

"What did you say to him?"

"What? That i was going to fuck you in the ass? Yeah, that's the plan." Alan said matter-of-factly.

I snorted derisively and put on a semblance of authority.

"Alan, I am NOT....I repeat NOT taking that," I pointed towards his crotch. "in the ass."

It's not that I had never had anal sex before. I had tried it with some of my ex-es. Managed to bear the pain and get fucked back there. I just did't enjoy it. And I was glad that Pavan didn't have any desire to fuck me in the ass either. So my sex life for close to a decade had been free of anal sex. And I certainly had no intentions of letting Alan's gargantuan dick tear my ass apart.

Plus at that moment, I was too tired and worn out. I didn't even want to have regular sex for a while, forget anal. I had been contemplating getting dressed and going back to my room.

Alan just smiled and walked towards me. then his expression turned stern and he grabbed me by the hair and pulled me up until I was on my knees on the bed.

"Listen you filthy Indian cunt." he said in a menacing voice. "Earlier tonight I told you what was going to happen. You laughed it off and tried to put your foot down. See how that ended. You're naked on my bed with your jugs hanging out. Now here me say this. I AM going to fuck you in the ass. And you're going like it!"

He was pulling my hair so hard that it was hurting. I was scared he might pull off a part of my scalp. He then released my hair. But that relief was only momentary.

I didn't even see his hand coming. The slap landed squarely across my cheek and knocked me over on the bed. He jumped on the bed, pulled me up by the hair and slapped me again. Tears welled up in my eyes. But I also started feeling turned on. I was actually enjoying being slapped around! I always knew I had submissive tendencies and enjoyed being treated rough and being dominated. But i never thought that those tendencies extended to being slapped around. Far from being mad at him, I actually felt a sense of satisfaction. And almost waited for his next slap.

It didn't come. As I felt my cheeks burn, he now pulled me across his lap. I felt his flaccid dick rub against my stomach as my face hit the bed. Then the spanking started. And this time, Alan didn't hold back. these weren't playful sexual blows. These were administered as hard as he could, with the intentions of hurting me.

Hurt it did. I cried, but they were tears of pain as well as pleasure. I was feeling exhilarated by this ugly old man raining blows on me like that, making my ass cheeks hurt. After about two dozen hardcore blows, he stopped. My ass cheeks hurt like no part of me had ever hurt before. And I lay there in Alan's lap, a weepy slobbering mess.

He guided me to the food he had ordered while I was in the bathroom. Alan had ordered steak and eggs with a chocolate cake. He said that food would give me the strength to last all night. I was famished. I ate like a pig, having built up an appetite with all the sex. plus, i remembered, I hadn't really eaten much at dinner. I finished off everything on my plate really soon.

Five minutes later, I was on my knees, with my head bent over Alan's crotch as I sucked his dick. He had fetched a vial of moisturizer and was rubbing it all over my asshole. He had laid the plan out very clearly. I was to suck his dick and get him ready for the fuck. Meanwhile he would work with his fingers and use the moisturizer as a lubricant to get my asshole ready for the fuck.

I winced as he inserted one lubricated finger into my asshole. He kept telling me to relax my muscles completely and I just moaned assent in response. His hardening dick was in my mouth, after all. After using one finger to fuck my asshole for a couple of minutes, he inserted another one in. this hurt a little less. And I was consciously working on relaxing everything down there. After that, Alan worked even more slowly.

I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror - naked on bed with an ugly geriatric. On my knees with my ass pointed upwards. I could see his fingers buried in my ass. And his dick buried in my mouth. Not even in my wildest fantasies had I pictured myself in a situation so depraved.

It was twenty minutes before he was able to slip in his fourth finger. My ass hurt, but with all the lubrication, it actually felt okay. meanwhile Alan's dick was now completely erect. I actually started beliving Alan's repeated assurances that I would be able to take his dick.

"It's go time!" he announced, and told me to stay on my knees with my ass pointing up. He threw a pillow towards me, telling me to squeeze it or bite it if the pain got unbearable. I closed my eyes and braced for the worst. I felt Alan pour another big dollop of moisturizer over my anus and smeared it around and inside it with two fingers which now entered quite easily.

"Remember, relax and stay relaxed." Alan sternly said and I felt his dick push against my anus.

The fingering had only prepared my asshole for this asshole to a certain extent. It still hurt like a bitch when Alan started pushing his dick in. I hollered in pain, scared that he would tear my anus apart. He kept pouring moisturizer around his dick as he progressed. After he inserted the whole helmet head inside, it got a little easier. It reminded me a little of giving birth to Chintu. How the pain subsided after I managed to push his head out.

I still kept howling, but less loudly as Alan kept pushing more and more of his dick inside my butt. At one point he stopped, and then started fucking me. Physically, it did NOT feel good. It never does. I was however turned on by the situation more than anything else. Here I was, a married woman and mother, was being buggered mercilessly by a monster dick belonging to a shady old man.

Alan added to the pleasure by fingering my clit as he kept fucking my ass. My howls stopped after a while. My intenstines seemed to have adjusted to Alan's presence. Plus the moisturizer was providing much needed help as well. After a while, I was bent over, moaning at his fingers playing with my clit, and feeling an odd sense of ease at being fucked in the butt.

The ass provides a lot more friction than a wet cunt does. So Alan came fairly early by his standards. Only twenty minutes. After he withdrew, cum started gushing out of my ass. I just lay there, resting on my knees and shoulders, shocked that yet another stage had been breached - being sodomized by an old man.

After a few minutes, I fell over on my side, curled into a ball, and closed my eyes. I was exhausted. Everything hurt - my jaws from the blowjobs, and my cunt and ass from the fucking. My thighs were cramping, my knees were sore with all the rubbing against the bed, and my boobs which had been mauled and pinched all night, also hurt. I fell asleep in a matter of minutes.

I was woken up by Alan;s thick tongue playing with my clit. I opened my eyes. It was still dark. The radio clock told me that it had been barely an hour since I fell asleep. My body still hurt. But Alan obviously wanted to go at it again. When he noticed that I had finally woken up, he moved his knees so they were on either side of my shoulders. His semi-erect dick slapped on the cheek as it fell. I understood what was to be done. And we started 69-ing. Ten minutes later, I was on my hands and knees, being fucked in my cunt doggy style.

This time Alan lasted so long that I thought I would pass out before he came. It was a little over 70 minutes of incessant fucking, and my body fighting off all sorts of cramps when he finally deposited his load inside of me. Then another nap for 45 minutes. Then buggering. This time Alan fucked me in the ass while laying me on my back. When he deposited a significantly reduced amount of semen inside my bowels, he walked over to the window and opened the curtains. Sunshine filled the room. It was morning. Alan closed the curtains again and the room was dark once more.

I was feeling really tempted to back to sleep right there on his bed. But I was afraid that he'd wake me up again in a little while. My body was at breaking point. I needed proper rest.

"I am going to take a shower and go back to my room." I said, my thighs and knees hurting as I walked to the bathroom.

"Okay. Meet me in the lobby at... 6." Alan nonchalantly said, and turned over on his side.

When I showered and got came out, he was snoring. I searched all over the suite for my clothes. My skirt was in one corner of the bedroom. My top was in the living room. I searched everywhere, but could not find my bra or panties. When I asked Alan about it later, he feigned ignorance, but I was positive he had hidden them so I would have to go back to my room without any underwear. I gave up looking for them, and got dressed.

The skirt was long enough to hide whatever mattered. But the top was low neck and sleeveless. With my massive boobs and big nipples straining against it, it would have been obvious to anyone who saw that I wasn't wearing a bra. I tried holding my purse in front of me but it wasn't much help. I just hoped and prayed that I wouldn't run into too many people on the way back to my room.

I walked out of the suite and went to the elevator. The waiter from last night was standing there with a cart of used dishes. When he saw me, he flashed me a polite smile and wished me good morning. I just blushed as I remembered that he had seen me completely naked a few hours back. I feebly nodded and said good morning back.

We waited wordlessly for a minute or so.

"I'm sorry, it takes a while for the elevators around this time. Lots of people checking out." the waiter politely explained, pushing the down button again. I nodded, hoping that the awkward encounter would end soon. Finally the elevator doors opened. I got in, followed by the waiter.

"So..... were you part of the contest prize as well?" he said.

"Excuse me?" I had no idea what he was saying.

"Mr. Brower there. He won an all expense paid stay in the suite because of a radio contest. Don't really see guests like him staying in the suite otherwise."

"Oh." I said. I wasn't too surprised. I had known from the word go that all talk about Alan being wealthy was bullshit. It made perfect sense that he could stay in the suite only because he had won it as a prize.

"So, were you part of the prize as well?" he asked. I looked at him with cocked eyebrows. "I am only asking because...well..someone like him...and someone like you...."

I didn't say anything. In a few seconds, the elevator stopped at my floor, and I got out, giving him a dirty look that said - "none of your business!" He flashed me a polite grin.

When I walked into our room, Pavan woke up and looked at me. I put my purse on the table and laid down next to him, thinking of something to say. There was so much I wanted to say. But I didn't find the right words. I hoped he would say something. But he lay there in silence as well. A while later, he got up and said he was going to the casino floor. I was exhausted anyway. I fell asleep in moments after he left.

I woke up shortly after noon, my cunt and ass aching. I got dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and went down to the casino restaurant and had a hearty lunch. I saw Pavan at a blackjack table as I passed the casino area. He seemed to be having a good time. He didn't see me and high-fived someone next to him. I thought of going up to him, but decided against it.

Went back to the room, watched TV for a while and fell asleep again. When I woke up it was 5 PM. I got ready, wearing a stylish dress, and texted Pavan that I was going out with Alan. Pavan texted back - "ok".

When I met Alan in the lobby, he hugged me and felt me up in full view of everyone around, drawing curious stares. He then told me to go to the bathroom and get rid of my underwear. As we walked out onto the strip, I was getting quite a few stares from people who easily noticed that I had no bra on. At dinner, Alan sat next to me in a booth and played with my clit and my cunt throughout the meal. By the time the check came, I was ready to be fucked again.

We went back to the suite and Alan used and abused me to his heart's content - cumming three times in my cunt, twice in my ass, and once in my mouth making me swallow it all. One time, he fucked me standing up, which was an impressive feat for someone so much shorter than me. He ordered room service again and this time ordered me to stay naked and not hide my body. In fact, he told me to walk around and bend over a lot. A different waiter came this time, and was less polite than the first one. He blatantly checked out my naked tits, ass, and pussy for the whole time he was there.

The next night, after we were returning to the suite, we ran into Pavan in the elevator. He looked so awkward and pathetic, acting like a stranger around his own wife and her lover. Alan greeted him enthusiastically and made small talk. Then he invited Pavan to join us and watch. I expected Pavan to show some self-respect and decline. But he quietly came along.

As soon as we entered the suite, Alan dragged me to the couch, threw me over the armrest like the first night, and fucked me in the ass in front of Pavan. It was Alan's final dominant gesture towards Pavan - buggering his wife in front of him. Pavan looked shocked during the entire encounter.

That was the last night Alan had me to himself and he took full use of every second, not allowing me to sleep at all. In the morning, when Pavan and I headed to the airport, I was ready to pass out in the cab. I slept on the plane ride home, and we got back home where my sister was waiting for us with Chintu.

For the next few days, I expected the axe to fall. Any moment, I thought Pavan would walk in with divorce papers. And I had prepared myself to sign them. No matter how much he fantasized about seeing me with other men, surely whatever had happened was too much for him. But Pavan continued to act as if nothing had happened. As if everything was normal.

He did seem to get his sexual appetite back though. He started fucking me like the Pavan I used to know. Rough, hard, and passionately. I often saw doubt in his eyes, as if he was wondering if I was satisfied with the sex. I was. But I knew that he wouldn't believe me even if I said so.

As days went by, this charade of normalcy started eating away at me. I was ridden with feelings of guilt as well as anger. How could we continue like this? How could Pavan even stand having me around after all that had happened? Did he have no self-respect? or was he that depraved and perverted himself?

I noticed that he stopped bothering me about my friendship with Jeff. In fact, a few things Pavan said implied that he assumed that I was also sleeping with Jeff, and that he was fine with it. I found his insinuations frustrating and amusing. Before Vegas, he was upset at me assuming that I had done something wrong. Now, he was acting magnanimous by acting like he was okay with me doing something I had not. The one thing I had done wrong - in front of him - he neither stopped nor talked about.

Of course, I hadn't even thought about sleeping with Jeff. or with anyone else for that matter. It's not like that weekend with Alan "released an inner slut" or something. I treated whatever had happened as a one time thing. Alan had given me his contact details in Maryland, and asked me to visit him or call him over if I wanted. I had no intentions of ever doing that. I didn't give him my contact details when he asked for them.

I went back to being a mother to Chintu, and at the very least, a co-companion to Pavan. But I didn't feel like his wife anymore. I still loved him, but I could not see how this sham of a marriage could continue, no matter how much the sex had improved. After a few weeks of thinking it over, I decided to ask him for a divorce.

And then I was late. I was never late. When it was 5 days past usual and my period still hadn't started, I freaked out and bought a home pregnancy test. And my worst fear was realized. I was pregnant. All my calculations had gone wrong. I was carrying a child in my womb, possibly Alan's spawn.

After our return from Vegas, Pavan had fucked me a couple of times without wearing a condom. So without telling him, I started taking the pill. I hated the pill. It gave me headaches. But I couldn't afford to not use it. If only I had started using it earlier. At the very least, taken morning after pills in Vegas. Now I was going to have a baby and I didn't know if it was Alan's or Pavan's.

I thought it over for a couple of days and decided to break the news to Alan and Pavan together. I called up Alan and asked him to come to our place in New Jersey. He agreed readily, and I thought he was assuming it was for more sex. But when he came over, he acted like a normal nice old man. He had bought a gift for Chintu - a cheap little action figure. He kept his hands to himself and didn't act in an appropriate manner at all. It was almost like he was an uncle who had come over to visit. After a while, took me to the side in the kitchen while I was cooking, when Chintu was in the living room.

"You're pregnant, aren't you?" he asked with a smile.

"How the hell...." I asked in amazement.

"If there is one thing you should know about me by now Shipra, it's that I can see several steps ahead." his voice went from the nice gentle uncle back to the domineering lover who had ridden roughshod over me a month ago.

"I don't know whose it is yet. Pavan also..."

"He also fucked you bareback. It doesn't matter. You KNOW my sperm's gonna beat his out any time." Alan said and spanked me on my ass and chuckled.

He walked to the living room and I heard him talk to Chintu in that friendly grandpa voice. Well, Alan had taken it pretty well, I thought to myself. I wondered how Pavan would react. Soon the door opened and he walked in. I washed my hands and went out. It was obvious from the look on Pavan's face that it was his worst nightmare come true.

Throughout dinner, Pavan sat there like he had seen a ghost. Alan was carrying out most of the conversation. He "admitted" to us something I always knew. He wasn't some billionaire. He worked in a Walmart, that too part-time. When he said that Pavan looked at me triumphantly. I didn't react. I always knew his claims were bullshit. And it didn't change anything. I would've been seduced by him that weekend even if he had been a penniless pauper. ---

After dinner, I took Chintu to his room to put him in bed and read him a bedtime story. I heard Pavan ask Alan if he would like some brandy. Alan said he'd love some. I was relieved that Pavan had at least recovered from the shock enough to be courteous. How long that would last after I told him what I had to, I didn't know.

Ten minutes later I came back to the living room. Both men were sitting on two different couches. Almost instinctively, I felt myself starting to head to Alan's side. After all, that's how it had been in Vegas. from the poolside table to the restaurant to the suite to the bed, whenever I was in the presence of these two men, I was on Alan's side. But this, I reminded myself, was Pavan's house. I sat down next to him. I looked at his confused face. No point in dragging this out, I thought.


Source:https://www.literotica.com/s/old-man-and-indian-wife-ch-03?page=4

"Pavan, I'm pregnant." I said looking straight into his eyes.

He wasn't as shell-shocked as I thought he would be. He looked a little surprised, but only for a moment or two.

"Is it mine or his?" Pavan asked pointing his glass towards Alan.

"I don't know." I answered truthfully. But I did get the feeling that Alan might end up being right again. call it a woman's sixth sense, but I strongly felt that I was carrying Alan's child. And that it was a boy. I looked at Alan and he had a smug smile on his face.

"Or is it Jeff's?" Pavan asked sarcastically.

I had given up on trying to assuage Pavan's doubts about Jeff. I ignored the comment and said,

"I can get a paternity test done. That's why I invited Alan over. To talk about....what to do."

Alan jumped in,

"I don't care if it's mine or not. It won't be the first bastard child of mine out there and it sure as well won't be the last." he cockily said, "But in case it is mine, like I told you in Vegas, i'm not paying child support."

Pavan looked at Alan with a disgusted look on his face. He said,

"I don't care whose it is either. I will consider it my own child and bring it up with you."

I felt conflicting emotions of love, respect and disgust for Pavan. What was wrong with him? Watching from the sidelines while his wife got seduced by someone else was bad enough. Pretending that the marriage was okay after that happened was also pathetic. But actually staying in the marriage AND raising a baby born from your wife fucking another man? What the heck?

I controlled my emotions and we talked about the details. Pavan insisted that no matter who the father was, the baby should carry his name. Alan was fine with it. I asked Alan about the level of involvement he wanted to have in the child's life if it was his. He shrugged and said it was up to me. We talked about such things for an hour or so.

When we got done, Alan got up, looking at me expectantly. I knew exactly what he was hinting at. Whether I should wish him goodbye or have him spend the night. I decided that I wanted him to spend the night. Not because I wanted to have sex with him. But because I wanted to talk to him in private about his exact role in this whole affair if the baby turned out to be his, which we all suspected it would.

I led Alan to the guest room, ignoring Pavan's dismayed look. I told Alan I would join him a little later for a talk. Alan winked and said, "Sure, talk!".

When I went back to our bedroom, Pavan seemed surprised to see me come in. He probably expected me to spend the night with Alan. But at that moment, I was feeling very warm towards Pavan for his magnanimous stance regarding the baby. I snuggled up to him and closed my eyes. In some time, he was sound asleep and snoring. I got up and went to the guest room.

I walked in to see Alan naked on the bed.

"I'm ready for you, my little pixie." he said, pointing to his semi-erect dick. The sight of it after all these weeks made me go weak in the knees. But I stayed focused.

"Alan, I am not here to have sex with you. I really want to talk about something important." I said resolutely.

"Fine, first we talk. Then we fuck." he said, getting off the bed and hugging me. His head rubbed against my chin and his dick pushed against my thighs again. He led me to the bed and had me sit down.

"Well, if the baby is yours..."

"Stop saying if. We all know it's mine."

"Fine. So this baby.... you say you don't care if you have anything to do with it or not. In that case, I want you to sign an affidavit relinquishing any possible rights you might have over it." I had thought this over. If Alan really had been wealthy, I wouldn't have cared. But I wanted to make sure that he didn't use this baby to pester us later on. Like getting a court order for a paternity test and contesting custody or something.

"Are you serious?" he asked incredulously, massaging my boobs over my clothes.

"Yes."

He looked at me with a smile.

"Alright. I will sign anything you want. My only condition is, I get to keep fucking you. Starting tonight." He said, pressing my boobs again.

"That is not going to happen." I said, slapping his hand away. He looked at me with a scowl on his face. For a moment, i thought he would hit me like he had in Vegas. Instead he said.

"Then I am not signing anything." he said in a serious tone.

We both sat there in silence. I considered his proposal. It wasn't like I didn't like getting fucked by Alan anyway. But I didn't want to do it under the roof of my husband, two doors away from where my son slept. There were some lines I was unwilling to cross. So I suggested a compromise.

"I can't sleep with you under this roof. I just can't. So....I'll drive to Maryland once a month and I'll be all yours for the weekend until the baby comes. And then, you sign the papers I ask you to."

Alan looked at me with a smile on his face. He agreed. So it was set.

The first weekend I drove to Maryland, I was surprised by what a tiny apartment Alan lived in. He ravaged me all weekend. A month or so later, my belly began to show, and Alan was more gentle. By the time the third trimester rolled around, Alan himself suggested that we should stop our dalliances. The excuse he gave was, he had another girlfriend who was getting jealous. But I was sure he was concerned about the baby.

The baby arrived a couple of weeks after schedule. One look at it was enough to confirm that he was Alan's son. Alan looked very proud when he came over the next day and saw what he called his "latest bastard". I sat on the bed with the baby in my arms, trying to get it to take my nipple and drink from it. Alan and Pavan walked out of the room to give me privacy.

And I started wondering how long I should wait to tell Pavan that I had met with an attorney to draw up divorce papers.

THE END

P.S. Thank you once again to my favorite aurelius1982 without whose help, this story couldn't have been written.
